Who received the IEEE Frank Rosenblatt Award in 2010?
Who was awarded the Oceanography Society's Jerlov Award in 2018?
What's the name of the women's liberal arts college in Cambridge, Massachusetts?
In whose honor was the Leipzig 1877 tournament organized?
According to Karl Küchler, what did Empress Elizabeth of Austria's favorite sculpture depict, which was made for her villa Achilleion at Corfu?
How much money, in euros, was the surgeon held responsible for Stella Obasanjo's death ordered to pay her son?
What were the month and year when Obama told Christianity Today, "I am a Christian, and I am a devout Christian. I believe in the redemptive death and resurrection of Jesus Christ"?
Who appointed the Chief Justice of India, Mirza Hameedullah Beg, in 1977?
What is the name of the former Prime Minister of Iceland who worked as a cabin crew member until 1971?
To whom did Mehbooba Mufti Sayed contest the 2019 Lok Sabha elections and lose?
How many fouls did Inter commit in the Champions League final match between Bayern and Inter on May 23, 2010?
What year did the Lego part with ID gal56 first release?
In which year did the Japanese scientist Koichi Mizushima receive the Kato Memorial Prize?
In which year did Melbourne's Monash Gallery of Art (MGA) rebrand and become the Museum of Australian Photography (MAPh)?
Who requested the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) implement a 900 sq mi (2,300 km2) temporary flight restriction zone over the operations areas of the Deepwater Horizon?
What signature piece of the MOBA did Scott Wilson discover on the curb between two trash cans?
What player scored all the conversions for Spain in the rugby match between Spain and Romania that was part of the 2022 Rugby Europe Championship on February 27, 2022?
What is the surname of the psychiatrist who prescribes medication for Marie Hanson for her periodic blackouts in Season 1, Episode 20 of Ally McBeal?
What is the British-American kickboxer Andrew Tate's kickboxing name?
What position was John Gilbert Layton appointed to in Quebec from 1969 until 1970?
Who won the Gerard P. Kuiper Prize in 2001?
Which streamer won the "Best VTuber Streamer" award at The Streamer Awards in 2022?
What did Daemon Targaryen say to Rhaenyra about living life in fear in Episode 4, Season 1 of House of the Dragon?
On which U.S. TV station did the Canadian reality series *To Serve and Protect* debut?
What instrument did Alec Aitken play well enough for a professional musician to remark, "Aitken is the most accomplished amateur musician I have ever known"?
On what day, month, and year did Tara Chand (a politician and a Dalit leader from Jammu and Kashmir) resign from the Indian National Congress in support of Ghulam Nabi Azad?
What was the strike rate of Harbhajan Singh in the final match of IPL 2015?
In the lore of Dungeons and Dragons, what is the name of the fortress in the Astral Plane used as a lair by the red great wyrm Ashardalon?
In which episode and season of South Park does Bill Cosby (BSM-471) first appear? Give me the number and title.
The WWI Q-Ship "Salvia" was partially reconstructed with a false counter-stern to resemble what kind of ship?
Which district in Kashmir was originally known as Panwangam?
In 1810, François Aimé Louis Dumoulin published a collection of how many engravings themed on the journey of "Robinson Crusoe"?
What day, month, and year was Carrie Underwood's album "Cry Pretty" certified Gold by the RIAA?
In the series "El guardián invisible," who portrays the character Alfonso Álvarez de Toledo?
On what day, month, and year was David Sweet, Canadian politician, born?
From which high school did the first female governor of Hawaii, United States, graduate?
In which month and year did Khusro Bakhtiar (former Federal Minister for Planning, Development, and Reforms, Pakistan) announce that the government was considering establishing a Pak-China business council to promote the private sector's role in the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC)?
What is the first and last name of the woman whom the British linguist Bernard Comrie married in 1985?
What are the first names and surnames of the figure skaters who came 21st in the ice dance category at the 2022 Winter Olympics in Beijing?
What is the name of the kibbutz that Simon Le Bon lived on in 1978?
Who won the 1991 Ig Nobel Prize for Peace?
Why did David Chow come to Genoa City on "The Young and the Restless"?
In which season and episode of Archer does Sterling go into a rampage? Give me the season, number, and title of the episode.
On what day, month, and year was Algerian artist Mohammed Racim born?
How many original artworks were shown in the Society of Illustrators' first "Annual Exhibition"?
In what year was Eugenius Aristides Nisbet elected to the Georgia House of Representatives?
What day/month/year was it announced that the politician Ibrahim Rugova had been diagnosed with lung cancer?
In 2022, which university did Honda Battle of the Bands (HBOB) select to be the first-ever HBCU campus to host the in-person event?
Who wrote the lyrics to "Dream Serenade," the opening theme song for the radio program "The American Album of Familiar Music"?
In what year did Etta Cone last visit Europe?
What day, month, and year was Vladislav Kaborda born?
In what year was John Williams inducted into the Classical Music Hall of Fame?
On which month and day was the 1985 St. Louis mayoral election held?
How many units of the Infanterikanonvagn 72 (1952) were delivered to the Swedish army from 1953 to 1954?
In which year did Askham Richard, the village in the North of England, first become a conservation area?
What are the GPS coordinates of Malawi?
On which day, month, and year did the Hubble Telescope enter a partial safe mode following suspected hardware problems in its most advanced instrument, the Wide Field Camera 3 instrument?
Before 2013, what was the municipal division of Gusevsky District in Kaliningrad Oblast incorporated as?
What were Martin Haspelmath's and Michael Cysouw's respective affiliations when they authored "Identifying Semantic Role Clusters and Alignment Types via Microrole Coexpression Tendencies"?
Who was Racing's top scorer in the Copa Libertadores 1967?
What were the date, month, and year of death of the former PM of J&K, Mehr Chand Mahajan?
What was Beloit College's Center for the Sciences renamed in 2017?
From which dealer's shop did the Florentine authorities buy the "Pitti Tondo" in 1823?
Who was the director of the Lebedev Physical Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences between 1951 and 1972?
In what year was Alain Stanké made a member of the Order of Canada?
What are the first and last names of the scientist who collaborated with Vincent Joseph Schaefer to issue the U.S. patent for "Method and Apparatus for Producing Aerosols" in 1943?
Who was the Swedish footballer who spent his entire career as a winger for the club GAIS in the Swedish Allsvenskan from 1949 to 1960 and passed away on February 26, 2017?
What is the name of the statue that Rosemarie Trockel made for the city of Frankfurt in 1994?
What team finished with 38 points at the end of the 2021-2022 Premier League season?
What position was Everton in when Rafael Benítez was sacked in the 2021-22 Premier League season?
In which year was the municipality of Sonsón, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
Who replaced Don Santos in the band group Immature?
In Season 3 of the American version of "The Circle," in which episode did Vince enter the game?
What is the length in meters of Abdullah Bridge in Srinagar?
How many acres did the University of Alabama purchase to expand its campus in 2010?
What is the first vampire number in recreational mathematics obtained by a 3x3-digit multiplication?
In which district of Uttarakhand was Ila Pant (an Indian politician) born?
At which university was the mechanical engineer Gang Chen an assistant professor from 1993 to 1997?
How many medals did Ken Skupski win representing England at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi?
Who replaced Bradie Tennell in the 2021 Skate America?
Which nobleman did Caravaggio beat on November 28, 1600?
What company was Natasha Merle a civil rights fellow at from 2013 to 2015 in New York City?
What year was the municipality of San Francisco, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
According to Henry Scadding, author of "Toronto of Old," how many people died on the HMS Ontario in 1780?
In which month and year was it reported that the German Defense Ministry planned to replace its Tornado aircraft with a purchase of 30 Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornets, 15 EA-18G Growlers, and 55 Eurofighter Typhoons?
How many corners did Barcelona take in the Champions League semi-final match between Barcelona and Milan on April 27, 2006?
Which two scientists (first and last names) are credited with first isolating *Azotobacter salinestris* from saline soils?
Which Venetian artist painted the portrait of Maria Theresia Walburga Amalia Christina in 1730?
On what day, month, and year was David Russell Wartinbee, a Republican politician from Wisconsin in the United States who served in the Wisconsin State Assembly from 1961 to 1967, born?
What version of Dota 2 was The International 2016 played on?
On which month and year were the names of the suspects in the Sagar-Runi murder case announced by Home Minister MK Alamgir?
What is the forest cover area of Tamil Nadu in square kilometers, according to the India State of Forest Report 2019?
In which year was production started for the Crayola color with hexadecimal code #D9E650?
What is the exact date when the first CRISPR-edited babies were reportedly born, according to a 2019 *Nature* article?
On June 24, 2018, how many more votes did the winning candidate get in total than Muharrem İnce?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Gordon E. Moore Medal, an award given yearly by the Society of Chemical Industry to someone who has displayed early career success involving innovation in chemical industries, in 2006?
What disease was Elizabeth Esteve-Coll diagnosed with that forced her to step down as Vice-Chancellor of the University of East Anglia?
What day, month, and year was Notepad++ version 7.8.8 released?
What is the name F.R.I.D.A. an acronym for in Critical Role Campaign 3?
In which month and year did Dolly the sheep give birth to her first lamb, Bonnie?
Which architects designed the Abasto?
What drag family was Monét X Change originally a member of before starting her own?
What day, month, and year did Sara Duterte resign from Lakas-CMD?
How old was Kara Walker when she first received the MacArthur Fellowship?
How many houses did the village of Bure Nangal in Batala have according to the 2011 Census of India?
What was the original surname of conductor David Randolph?
Who won the American Mathematical Society David P. Robbins Prize in 2010?
What were the day, month, and year the first wooden roller coaster manufactured by Rocky Mountain Construction officially opened?
Which award did Reza Aslan receive in 2014?
Who laid the foundation stone of Jamia Millia Islamia?
In what city did Marina Abramović perform Rhythm 4 (1974)?
On what day, month, and year was former Bangladeshi Inspector General Benazir Ahmed born?
What were the day, month, and year when Britannica released a Google Chrome extension, "Britannica Insights," which shows snippets of information from Britannica Online whenever the user performs a Google search, in a box to the right of Google's results?
What patch removed the Silver Armor from the crafting recipe for Jungle Armor in Terraria?
Which university gave El Anatsui an honorary doctorate in 2016?
The Jensen Interceptor (1950), produced from 1950 to 1957, had a wheelbase measurement of what in millimeters?
What is the ChemSpider ID of Axitinib, a small molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitor developed by Pfizer?
In which year did Fazal Ilahi Chaudhry, former Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan, join the Muslim League?
Tell me the day, month, and year President Bujar Nishani became Minister of Interior.
What were the month, date, and year when the South Korean Supreme Court legalized conscientious objection as a basis for rejecting compulsory military service?
What were the names of the two puppets that appeared in Atlanta, Georgia-based Round Table Pizza's TV commercials from 2003 to 2005?
On what day, month, and year did The Palmolive Hour radio program stop being broadcast on NBC?
What year was the municipality of Belmira, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
Name the school where the Kusumbai Motichand Planetarium was established in Pune in 1954.
In what month and year did Billy Miller earn a Daytime Emmy nomination for his portrayal of Jason Morgan in the category of Outstanding Lead Actor?
What week was Katie Sapienza eliminated in Season 1 of The Bachelor?
In the oracle card deck created by Kyle Gray titled "The 22 Archangels Oracle," how many cards are in the deck?
In which year was G. S. Mahajan appointed as the Vice Chancellor of Delhi University?
In February 2017, what board did Governor Larry Hogan nominate Wes Moore to serve on?
What is the name of the contestant who was the 4th runner-up at Miss Supranational 2013?
What day, month, and year did Salvador Dalí's mother pass away?
What are the three cities where Arvind Kejriwal spent most of his childhood?
In what month and year did Jacques Frédéric Français publish a work in which he gave a geometric representation of complex numbers with interesting applications?
Kiyoshi Oka entered the Imperial University of Kyoto in 1922 to study what subject?
How many daughters did the mathematician Hsien-Chung Wang have?
What was the first and last name of the third director of the Metropolitan Museum of Art?
Who set the world record for the longest time spent in a snow globe in 2007?
How many drivers participated in the overnight study in the research paper titled "Detecting Driver Mental Fatigue Based on EEG Alpha Power Changes During Simulated Driving" by Faramarz Gharagozlou et al.?
What year did Jasper Johns commission Richard Serra to make a splash piece?
At which college in Pune did the 7th Chief Justice of India, P. B. Gajendragadkar, study for his M.A.?
What phrase did Bird Person say to Morty in his native language about making the right choice or the one that lets you sleep at night in Season 1, Episode 11?
The "Un'alma innamorata" was written by what composer in 1707?
What is the name of the individual in whose memory the Taj Mahal was built by Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan?
What was the name of the other collection released by Undercover in 2016 alongside 'The Greatest'?
What is the name of the district with the Regional Transport Office (RTO) code SK-06 in Sikkim, India?
Who was the architect of Leamington who designed the church of St. John the Baptist that was built between 1877 and 1878?
On what day, month, and year did NHK Hall, located in Shibuya Ward, Tokyo, start operation?
From what year to what year did the Ethiopian politician Billene Seyoum Woldeyes study International Relations at the University of British Columbia, Vancouver?
What was the 2018 Word of the Year according to the American Dialect Society?
With which political party was Karl Wilhelm Rudolf von Bennigsen associated?
How many losses did Adolf Anderssen have in his 1864 chess match against Berthold Suhle?
What is Harees, a famous dish of Armenia and the Arabian Peninsula, called in Zanzibar?
What was the name of Helmut Lang's solo exhibition in Vienna in 2017?
In what year was the Ajah campus of Pan-Atlantic University (Lagos, Nigeria) completed?
What was the name of the director of the Clayman Institute for Gender Research from 1997 to 2001?
Who was the first female chemist to receive the Francis P. Garvan-John M. Olin Medal?
In which two fields of study did computer scientist Nancy Amato receive two bachelor's degrees from Stanford University in 1986?
In which episode and season of South Park is Mr. Mackey's first appearance? Please give me the number and title.
For how many days was Frida Kahlo's first solo exhibit held?
What were the month, day, and year that Thomas Randolph wrote to the Earl of Leicester, stating that he was unable and unwilling to commit his opinions on Mary's actions on paper for fear of appearing "malicieus foolyshe and unadvised"?
How many DLCs were released for Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim as of December 5, 2012?
Who was the first person to be an American diplomatic minister to Romania and Serbia?
What prize was El Anatsui awarded in 1998 in Osaka?
What year did the Victoria and Albert Museum buy the small vacant triangle of land opposite its main entrance to ensure that the view from Thurloe Square could never be obscured by new buildings?
In the crest of the Agnew clan, what animal is depicted "issuant and regardant Proper"?
Give me the DOI of the paper "New avenues and challenges in semantic map research."
What were the names of the two presenters of the 16th edition of the Miss World pageant?
What month, day, and year did Southeastern Louisiana University retire Robin Roberts' jersey?
What month, day, and year did Briana Scurry marry Chryssa Zizos?
In what year did conductor David Randolph graduate from City College of New York?
What day, month, and year did Australian politician John Joseph Hall die?
In which year was Motaz Azaiza named Man of the Year by GQ Middle East, with editor Ahmad Ali Swaid?
On what day, month, and year did Mereta Mita die, and what was the reason behind her death?
What is the boiling point of the element dysprosium in Fahrenheit?
In which year did Atul Gawande earn an M.A. in Philosophy, Politics and Economics (PPE) from Balliol College, Oxford?
During which Mob Psycho 100 Season 1 episode does Teru meet Mob?
In what year did computer scientist Dana Angluin join the faculty at Yale University?
Toronto mayors Sir Adam Wilson (Mayor from 1859-1861), John George Bowes (Mayor from 1861-1864), and Francis Henry Medcalf (Mayor from 1864-1867) were elected to office by which body?
Who won the Emil Artin Junior Prize in Mathematics in 2009?
At what zoo did August Scherl demonstrate his gyro-monorail to the public?
How many egg-shaped layers of float glass is William Cochran's sculpture *Pillar of Fire* made of?
Which city in Athens was Foivos Delivorias born in?
In the British drama series Happy Valley, in which season and episode is Kirsten McAskill murdered by Royce?
On what day, month, and year was Harold Shipman married to Primrose May Oxtoby?
Who was the first cardiologist in Kashmir?
In which year did Maharaj Kishan Bhan (an Indian pediatrician and clinical scientist) receive the Padma Bhushan for civil services?
On what day, month, and year was Vladas Mironas, the 14th Prime Minister of Lithuania, born?
In which episode and season of Rick and Morty is Jerry floating around for 10 hours? Give me the number and title.
On what day, month, and year was Michaela Hübschle, a Namibian politician and former Deputy Minister for Prisons and Correctional Services, born?
Which companion can Josephine develop feelings for (other than the Inquisitor themselves) in Dragon Age: Inquisition (2014)?
Who received the Farrer Medal in 2014?
What is the name of the group exhibition that Helmut Lang participated in during 2017 in Dublin?
Which year was the drug Metformin introduced as a medication in France?
What is the name of Jupiter’s third-largest moon?
On what date did President Kagame receive an honorary degree in Ethiopia?
On what day, month, and year was Canal+ Box Office launched?
What year was the municipality of Boyacá, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
On what day, month, and year did Randy Johnston (model) die?
On what day, month, and year did the 2nd ASEM Transport Ministers' Meeting begin?
In what year did Claribel and Etta Cone acquire Henri Matisse's "Blue Nude" at the sale of John Quinn’s collection in Paris?
What year did Australian politician William Lawrence Morrison graduate from the University of Sydney?
What was the name of the high school that the 5th State President of South Africa, serving from 1979 until 1984, attended?
What is the name of the sole survivor of the Saha Airlines 2019 Boeing 707 crash?
Specify the exact day, month, and year Capcom reported that its servers were affected by ransomware, scrambling its data, and the threat actors, the Ragnar Locker hacker group, had allegedly stolen 1TB of sensitive corporate data and were blackmailing Capcom to pay them to remove the ransomware.
In which specific issue did Black Condor II perish?
In which season and episode did Joe Friday kill a burglar who was stealing from a coin box in the TV series Dragnet 1967?
In what year was Fazal Ilahi Chaudhry, former president of Pakistan, elected as the Speaker of the National Assembly?
How many maxi challenges did Sharon Needles win in Season 4 of RPDR?
Before becoming the 37th president of the United States, on which date, month, and year did Richard Nixon retire from the U.S. Naval Reserve?
On what day, month, and year was the first unplanned flight of the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon?
What month, day, and year did Phase 2 of Kunming Metro's Line 6 open?
On what day, month, and year was Cléo Hamon, a French pair skater, born?
What type of eclipse occurred on August 28, 1802, at 51.3°N, 105.7°E?
Which TV station did Belva Davis make her debut on?
What are the four keywords of the paper "New Avenues and Challenges in Semantic Map Research"?
What day, month, and year was Sergio Garavini, an Italian politician, writer, and trade unionist, born?
On which day, month, and year was Dolmar-Salzbrücke formed as a Verwaltungsgemeinschaft?
After the War of 1812, Edward William McBride (1791-1834) worked as what for the king's printer, John Cameron, on the York Gazette until April 1815?
In June 1637, Thomas Ballard of Wandsworth accused Richard Kestian of publicly calling him a liar at which man's house in Putney in front of justices of the peace?
What day, month, and year did Emperor Xizong of Jin become the emperor of the Jin dynasty?
On what date (day/month/year) was Henry Charles Howard, 13th Duke of Norfolk, elected to the House of Commons for Horsham?
In which year did the Royal Society of Arts launch the Adelphi Charter, aimed at creating an international policy statement to frame how governments should make balanced intellectual property law?
Who was the referee in the rugby match between Georgia and Portugal that was part of the 2022 Rugby Europe Championship on February 6, 2022?
As of March 2016, how many companies and institutions were developing vaccines against Zika, and how long did they state a vaccine is unlikely to be widely available?
What prize did Jun Takahashi win in 1997?
What's the name of Mob's brother's Spanish VA in Mob Psycho 100?
Between what years did Ashraf Abbasi, the first Deputy Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan, remain a member of the West Pakistan Assembly?
In which Community episode is Evil Abed's first appearance? Please give the season, episode number, and title.
What were the population counts for the two municipalities of Mitrovica according to the 2011 census?
For how many episodes did Gabrielle Fitzpatrick star in "Roar"?
In the 2022 research paper titled "Analyzing EEG Data with Machine and Deep Learning: A Benchmark" by Danilo Avola et al., what are the four machine learning models that were used?
Who is the god with the Hawaiian name Kamaʻehuakanaloa?
During which years did William Butts Ittner serve as the president of the Architectural League of America?
In what building was the meeting that founded the Fédération Internationale d'Escrime held?
In which year was *Racosperma drummondii* transferred back to the genus *Acacia*?
What is the distance (in km) between the city of Udhampur and the Krimchi Temples in Jammu?
What was the song for the lip sync in Episode 5, Season 1 of RPDR?
What was the name of the minor planet discovered by the Soviet astronomer in the name of Pyotr Kapitsa in 1982?
What year did Elizabeth Esteve-Coll become the first female director of the University of Surrey Library?
Who was awarded the Rumelhart Prize in 2011?
Which peninsular plateau of India extends 900 km, with many peaks rising above 1,000 m?
In which year did Homa Shaibany (an Iranian surgeon) receive a scholarship to study medicine at London University?
In the 2009 US Billboard 200 year-end chart, what position did Miranda Lambert's album "Revolution" place?
On which day, month, and year did the Bell UH-1H Iroquois helicopter have its first flight?
In TWD Season 11, Episode 10, we learn that Connie got whose uncle kicked out of Congress before the apocalypse?
Who was awarded the Rumelhart Prize in 2014?
Who sketched the "Taddei Tondo" following its arrival at the Royal Academy and published a letter in the Athenaeum of 3 July 1830 praising how it was lit?
What was the name of the first elephant born in Valencia Bioparc?
What year was the municipality of Carolina del Príncipe, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
Who did the musical composition for the play Helen as presented in the 2022 Athens Epidaurus Festival?
What month, day, and year was Ancy-Dornot established?
On what day, month, and year did Frank Schreider, an American explorer, die?
What was the nationality of the scientists who used lasers to measure Usain Bolt’s performance in the different stages of a 100-meter race held in September 2011?
In which year was the town of Babanango, in the KwaZulu-Natal province of South Africa, founded?
In how many games did Matija Radović appear for the Hofstra Pride during the 2017-18 season?
In what year was the Miami-Dade County C-Pass replaced with the SunPass?
In what year was Professor Ascher Herman Shapiro awarded the Benjamin Garver Lamme Award by the American Society for Engineering Education?
Julie Mehretu was awarded the Barnett and Annalee Newman Award for the first time in what year?
What is the name (first and last) of the 11th President of the University of Northern Iowa?
Name the mission director of the Rohini Satellite 1 (RS-1) satellite launch in 1980.
What month, day, and year was House Resolution 7004, "Addressing the Governor's unacceptable actions in matters related to the appraiser certification program," introduced against Governor Kristi Noem?
Who won the gold medal in men's foil at the first European Fencing Championships?
As of the 2020 Census, what was the population of Wheatland, Iowa?
In which town was the South African 80s child pop star Ricardo Groenewald born?
On what date (day/month/year) was Makhdum Khusro Bakhtyar (Pakistani politician) inducted into the Federal Cabinet of Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz?
Who did Mike Bickle endorse in the 2016 presidential race?
In which year was Srinagar declared a UNESCO Creative City?
What was Conrad Schintz's dog's full name on Dimension 20's Mentopolis?
Who else did Jessica Hahn accuse of rape besides Jim Bakker?
Which bridge in Srinagar, Kashmir, is also known as Alamgir Bridge?
In the video game Dark Souls 1 for the PlayStation 3, which starting class has 11 vitality, 13 strength, and starts at soul level 4?
Who plays Emmanuel Adamu in Season 2 of "The Bear"?
What university was awarded the "Visitor's Award" for "Best University" in 2017 by the President of India?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Faraday Lectureship Prize, previously known simply as the Faraday Lectureship, in 1914?
Which scientist received the Roebling Medal the year after Max Hutchinson Hey received his?
In which two years did Rugged Lark win the AQHA World Show Superhorse title?
How many of his early oil portraits did English sculptor Robert Adams exhibit in the Northampton Public Library in April 1946?
In which city was the first International Association for Engineering Geology and the Environment congress held?
What was the 2021 Word of the Year according to the American Dialect Society?
New Yorker Edward A. Tuttle's patent application was granted on October 11, 1881, for what kind of machine?
What is the specified maximum speed in kilometers per hour of the Grumman F4F-3 Wildcat (1937) plane?
What is the name of the seminal film that Lygia Pape made in 1975?
In Moesha, who played Theresa in Season 5?
According to the 2021 World Bank data, which country has the largest renewable freshwater resources per capita?
What year did Giulio Carlo Argan, the Italian art historian, publish a manual of art for high schools?
After Bessie Smith's car accident, which arm was amputated?
On which day and month was the victim of the 2013 Mumbai gang rape, also known as the Shakti Mills gang rape case, discharged from the hospital after the incident?
What are the names of the three notable archaeological sites where Igbo-Ukwu art was discovered?
Which year did Herbert Gintis receive his master's degree?
In Episode 7, Season 2 of the American version of "The Circle," who leaves the players a message on how to play the game Glammequins?
In what year was Oliviero Diliberto first elected as an MP for the Communist Refoundation Party?
Which two instruments was John Cage's experimental piece *Two^5* written for?
As a teen, what job sparked Shonda Rhimes' interest in hospital environments?
In which year did Karl Polanyi become a founding member of the National Citizens' Radical Party?
How many balls did Dwayne Bravo play in the Indian Premier League 2019 final match between CSK and MI on May 12, 2019?
Marcia Bartusiak traces the term "black hole" to which physicist (first name, middle initial, and surname), who reportedly compared the phenomenon in the early 1960s to the Black Hole of Calcutta, a notorious prison where people entered but never left alive?
From which university did David Hibbett receive his Bachelor of Arts degree?
Which one of the 1990 Fly Girls from the series In Living Color stayed for five seasons?
What is the title of Series 1, Episode 17 of *Space: 1999*?
Which specific ocean was the asteroid 224 Oceana named after?
In which year was Akhnoor Fort (in Jammu City of Jammu and Kashmir) declared a national monument?
Which year was the non-profit organization Prayas Nepal established?
In what district was the English songwriter Robert Patrick Weston born?
In what month and year did the Merce Cunningham Dance Company launch its "Legacy Tour"?
Who published the first scientific description of the Asiatic lion in 1826?
In what year did Peter Norvig and Stuart Russell win the AAAI/EAAI Outstanding Educator Award?
What is the topographic isolation of Pentagon Mountain in Montana in kilometers?
In 2015, in what exhibition was Henry Ossawa Tanner's work included?
What coach was Mike Young an assistant to at Radford University?
Where was Juvénal Habyarimana's body identified within?
What language is represented in Figure 4 of the paper "Identifying Semantic Role Clusters and Alignment Types via Microrole Coexpression Tendencies"?
Which scientist received the American Chemical Society Award in Pure Chemistry in 1933?
What is the title of the song (English version) for which Isadora Duncan composed the Varshavianka dance routine?
Which building in the Republic of Niger won the 1986 Aga Khan Award for Architecture?
What is the name of the entomologist who described the species Acanthops bidens in 1922?
From what school did Phyllida Barlow graduate in 1966?
The Dante-Alighieri monument, located on Allée des Poètes along Rue D'Auteuil, was created by L'atelier Attitude and inspired by the work of what Italian-born sculptor?
In which Ukrainian city was male impersonator Pepi Litman born?
What is the full title of Zanele Muholi's first publication?
Who was the father of the Russian stage actress and singer "Baroness Olga Vadimovna von Root?"
On which day, month, and year did the signing ceremony between the Colombian government and the ELN occur, leading to a six-month-long ceasefire between the two parties?
In what major painting exhibition did artist J.C. Leyendecker earn a spot in 1897?
Who won the Godman-Salvin Medal in 2010?
How many years was the attraction Horizons at EPCOT sponsored by General Electric?
How much money in US dollars did Howard Schultz donate to Barack Obama's campaign on October 24, 2008?
What item was found in a damaged wooden coffin in July 2018 by Ramadan Badry Hussein?
What were the month and year when scientists reported that bacteria from Earth, particularly Deinococcus radiodurans bacteria, which is highly resistant to environmental hazards, were found to survive for three years in outer space?
From what year to what year was Mary Ann Willson, an American folk artist, active?
Between what dates was the Stanford University exhibition titled "Eamon Ore-Giron: Non Plus Ultra" on view? Please give me the full dates (month, day, and year).
What is the molar heat capacity of selenium at STP in joules per kelvin per mole?
Who designed Buenos Aires's Palais de Glace?
Who was Japan's Prime Minister after Ichirō Hatoyama left office on December 23, 1956?
How many silver medals did Kristin Otto win at the 1986 World Championships in Madrid?
What was the name of the man who served as Reeve of North Red Deer, Alberta, between 1924 and 1925?
Who won the Eddington Medal in 1993?
What are the season number, episode number, and title of the "Vikings" episode in which Floki says, "I build boats, Ragnar. You're the navigator"?
Which architect was tasked with finishing the chapel in the newly built Papal apartment when its construction remained incomplete after Pope Paul IV moved in, in October 1556?
Which famous drummer opened a Wahoo's Fish Taco restaurant in Norco, California, in 2004?
On what day, month, and year did Chief Gani Fawehinmi win the ‘Bruno Kreisky’ award from the Government of Austria?
On what month, day, and year did Google run its first live-action video doodle?
What day, month, and year was John Philip Bughaw born?
What was the occupation of the runner-up from Season 2 of The Bachelor?
What was the age gap between George Frederic Watts and his first wife, Ellen Terry?
Who composed Nexhmije Pagarusha's song "Baresha"?
What month and year did the Large Hadron Collider reopen after it closed for maintenance and further upgrades at the end of 2018?
In which series did Dolores Fonzi make her first television appearance?
What was the name of the indoor scrambler ride themed around the Battle of Hastings that was an opening day attraction when Busch Gardens, The Old Country in Williamsburg, Virginia, first opened in 1975?
What was the price paid in USD for a piece of Picasso's artwork that sold on March 26th, 2013?
In which month and year did Apollo 14 pilot Edgar Mitchell and Apollo 17 geologist Harrison Schmitt, among other noted Mars exploration advocates, publish an anthology of Mars-to-Stay architectures titled "A One Way Mission to Mars: Colonizing the Red Planet"?
How many fouls did Barcelona commit in the Champions League Final match between Barcelona and Arsenal on May 18, 2006?
What was the name of the second runner-up of Miss USA 1976?
Who won the Paris Kanellakis Theory and Practice Award in 2000?
What was the Word of the Decade (2000–2009) according to the American Dialect Society?
In which year was Neelam Sanjiva Reddy elected to the Lok Sabha from Hindupur?
What day did India land its first spacecraft on the moon?
What day, month, and year was the EverQuest II original soundtrack officially released?
In what year was the Chinese survey conducted that obtained the figure of 29,029.24 feet (8,848.11 meters) for Mount Everest's height?
In what year was the talking head of Madame Leota updated to float around the Séance Room at Disneyland?
In which year did Augustus Radcliffe Grote describe Lithophane viridipallens?
For how many ducats did Giovanni and Alessandro Moscheroni buy Michelangelo's "Madonna of Bruges" sculpture in 1504?
Into which Hall of Fame was Zippo Pine Bar inducted in 1992?
What was the original scientific name given to *Calytrix acutifolia* by John Lindley in 1839?
On what date, month, and year did the Indian politician and former Member of Parliament Surajbhan Singh murder Rami Singh, a resident of Mathurpur Village?
What year did Michael John Creutz join the High Energy Theory Group at Brookhaven National Laboratory?
Who choreographed Issey Miyake's produced “Aomori University Men’s Rhythmic Gymnastics Team” performance?
In which month and year did "Flying" magazine publish "Battling the Big Lie: John King's Crusade to Change Aviation's Culture"?
What year was "Discussion sur l’évolution de l’univers" by Georges Lemaitre published?
In the case of Arthur J. Lomax v. Christina Ortiz-Marquez that was argued in the Supreme Court of the United States, what was the name of the lead attorney representing the petitioner?
In which month and year was Firozabad district first established from Agra district in India?
What is the full name of the younger daughter of Mehbooba Mufti, a politician from Kashmir?
What day, month, and year was James Young (Missouri politician) born?
In what year was Rosario Crocetta appointed Councillor for Culture in the City Council of Gela with the Federation of the Greens?
What was the first and last name of the first female who won all four major performing arts awards: Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, and Tony (EGOT)?
On what day, month, and year did the New Zealand artist George Johnson die?
Who is known to be the longest-serving premier in the history of the USSR?
In what year did the Whitney Museum of American Art devote an entire floor to Julie Mehretu for the first time?
What day, month, and year was Jackson Asiku, the Ugandan-Australian amateur flyweight and professional feather/super featherweight boxer, born?
Who was the first woman appointed Minister of Justice in Italian history?
Who was Ghana's Minister of Information at the time of the Kulungugu bomb attack?
On what day, month, and year did the National Institute of Technology Srinagar (NIT Srinagar) become an Institute of National Importance under the NIT Bill passed by the Parliament of India?
What queen from RPDR is known for the quote "Go back to Party City where you belong?"
What was the budget request, in billion US dollars, made by NASA in 2018?
According to the United States Census Bureau, what is the total area of Weston, Ohio, in square miles?
What year was the municipality of Támesis, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
What year was Türksat 2A decommissioned?
Who was the 3rd umpire in the Indian Premier League 2019 final match between CSK and MI on May 12, 2019?
Which digits of the forefeet are vestigial and tiny on the Isoodon obesulus?
In which year did Masatoshi Gündüz Ikeda marry Emel Ardor, the Turkish research assistant whom he had met in Hamburg?
In what year did William Randolph Taylor receive the Gilbert Morgan Smith Medal?
Which villain was responsible for the death of the original Human Bomb?
Name the person who was appointed Vice-Chancellor of Indira Gandhi National Open University, New Delhi, in 1998.
On which day, month, and year did Sajood Sailani (a Kashmiri painter) die?
What were the names of the two commanders sent by Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb to Sadabad Cantonment in order to suppress the rebellion in Tilpat in 1669?
What was Croatia's ranking in the 2022 Corruption Perceptions Index?
Which team won the Coppa Italia Serie C in the 1981-82 season?
What two football teams were mentioned in the libel case against "The Saturday Evening Post" in 1963?
Which German surgeon is often called the father of German surgery?
Which city in Nepal is known as the "City of Nine Hills?"
What is the peak brightness of the Asus ROG Phone 5s Pro in nits?
After being expelled from BSP due to alleged anti-party activities, the Indian politician Kuldeep Singh Sengar joined the Samajwadi Party and won a seat from which constituency in 2007?
Who received an honorable mention at the 1999 Frank and Brennie Morgan Prize for Outstanding Research in Mathematics by an Undergraduate Student?
What month, day, and year did Kunming Metro Line 5 start running?
What was Janice Burgess hired as when she worked at Nick Jr.?
To accommodate the mourners, where was Bessie Smith's body moved to?
As of the latest official population estimate in 2015 for the town of Szentes in southeastern Hungary, what is the population density in square kilometers?
In November 2008, which organization ranked Andrew Tate the seventh-best light heavyweight kickboxer in the United Kingdom?
How many people were injured in the Srinagar bombing on March 6, 2022?
What was the total number of locations surveyed in all oceans for the study published in 2014 called "Plastic Pollution in the World's Oceans: More than 5 Trillion Plastic Pieces Weighing Over 250,000 Tons Afloat at Sea" by Marcus Eriksen, Laurent C. M. Lebreton, Henry S. Carson, Martin Thiel, Charles J. Moore, Jose C. Borerro, Francois Galgani, Peter G. Ryan, and Julia Reisser?
In what year was Benoni Stinson ordained to the ministry in Kentucky?
Which amateur astronomer was 162 Laurentia named after?
On what day, month, and year was Joeri Verlinden born?
To whom does the garment held by one of the angels in "The Baptism of Christ" by Andrea del Verrocchio and Leonardo da Vinci belong?
Who founded the municipality of La Uvita, Boyacá, Colombia?
What day, month, and year was Kris Cuppens born?
Which award and in which category did the animated series "Avatar: The Last Airbender" win in 2006?
Off of what coast of Morrowind does the DLC Dragonborn take place?
What was the tenth-ranked song on the 2021 Rolling Stone's "The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time" list?
How many dollars was the Tomball High School bond referendum in Harris County, Texas, in 2000?
Who was the lead programmer of Project Firebreak who helped create CYAN in Horizon Zero Dawn: The Frozen Wilds?
What is the name of Zanele Muholi's first solo exhibition?
What day, month, and year did Masaki Tsuji win a Special Award in the 13th Animation Kobe for his writing work?
In which month and year did the Washington Post (an American daily newspaper) hire Rana Ayyub (an Indian journalist) as its contributing writer to the Global Opinions section?
What year did chef Jo Seagar's cooking school, café, and kitchenware store "Seagars at Oxford" close?
How many times in the same episode did Phoebe Buffay impersonate Estelle after she died?
In what year was the praying mantis species Eremiaphila bifasciata described by Chopard?
In which month and year was Service Pack 3 for Windows Fundamentals for Legacy PCs released?
What is the resolution of the Cat B15 Q in pixels?
Which was the second largest republic in the Soviet Union?
What is the wingspan of Eugnosta misella in millimeters?
In the 2012 research paper titled "Multiplication of EEG Samples through Replicating, Biasing, and Overlapping" by Adham Atyabi et al., between what frequencies was the EEG dataset bandpass filtered, in hertz (Hz)?
In what year was American music producer George Avakian appointed as head of the international department at Columbia Records?
Who was the first Western artist whose biography was published while he was alive?
Le Chatelier's thermoelectric pyrometer, as discussed in the 1900 report "Clays of New York, Their Properties and Uses," was considered accurate within how many degrees Fahrenheit?
How many times did Joe Powell (stunt performer) get married? What are the names of his wives?
What day, month, and year was Ludovico Corrao, an Italian Independent Left politician and lawyer, born?
What profession did the father of Colombian mathematician and politician Sergio Fajardo Valderrama have?
During which years did Jean Galloway Bissell, the U.S. Circuit Judge, work in private legal practice in Greenville?
What were the month and year when Google's software engineer Gary Kačmarčík wrote that ChromeOS would access remote applications through a technology unofficially called "Chromoting"?
What is the surname of the winner of the Hickinbottom Award in 2012?
What was the name of the Lieutenant Commander of UC-67 during the period from July 12 to August 2, 1917?
The 1972 Canadian federal budget was first presented on what day, month, and year?
The Italian-made OTO-Melara Mod 56 pack howitzer had a barrel length of what in meters?
What compilation did Machine Girl release in 2015?
Who did Buzz Thomas defeat in the 2006 election for the Michigan State Senate - 4th District?
What is Daryl Dixon's blood type on The Walking Dead (TV series)?
In which year did Edward Meyrick first describe Cydalima mysteris?
On April 1, 1952, at which university did Hidegorô Nakano become a professor?
According to Hinduism, which planet is associated with Yamraj?
What years was Antonio de Padua María Severino López de Santa Anna y Pérez de Lebrón vice president?
On what day, month, and year was Jumbo Circus started in India?
In 1993, Vaughan Jones was elected to which academy?
Who was the production manager of ThunderCats, the science-fantasy animated television series that was released in 1985?
Which newspaper did György Lukács write, "The possession of the power of the state is also a moment for the destruction of the oppressing classes. A moment we have to use"?
How many years were Dr. Tony Evans and Lois Evans married?
Who were Antonio Negri's two daughters?
Who drew a map of 64 stars of the Pleiades from his observations in 1779 and then published it in 1786?
Who did Alfred Georg Hubertus Fischer write the paper "Orbital Forcing and Sedimentary Sequences" with?
Which Google Sheets function is specifically designed to convert a Unix epoch timestamp to a regular datetime in the UTC timezone?
Which engineer received the Worcester Reed Warner Medal in 1951?
What day, month, and year was the "Playlist: The Very Best of Heather Headley" released?
Who was the recipient of the ISCB Accomplishment by a Senior Scientist Award in 2018?
What are the first, middle, and last names of the spouse of Silas A. Holcomb, the ninth Governor of Nebraska?
What is the height of Vickerman Hill in New York in feet?
Who did Latrice Royale lip-sync against on Episode 9 of Season 4 of RPDR?
What were the month and year when the long-stalled trade agreement with South Korea came into effect in the U.S. Congress?
What day, month, and year was the Pradhan Mantri TB Mukt Bharat Abhiyaan Scheme launched in India?
Who is known as the first rock star of the Middle East?
What was the total area in square kilometers of Patiala and East Punjab States Union (PEPSU), a state of India uniting eight princely states between 1948 and 1956?
Who was the 8th Prime Minister of Nepal?
What is the fifth track on Alec Benjamin's album, "(Un)Commentary"?
Who was the recipient of the ISCB Accomplishment by a Senior Scientist Award in 2003?
In which month and year was Hakyung Lee, the mother of the children whose bodies were found in a suitcase in New Zealand, arrested in South Korea?
The superfamily Nematocarcinoidea is part of what infraorder?
In which patch was the classic version of the shaman class ability Totemic Focus removed in World of Warcraft?
What was the first season in which the number of houseguests for the American version of "Big Brother" increased?
In which street did Martin Gardner live with his family in Hastings-on-Hudson, New York, before moving to Hendersonville in 1979?
What's the first and last name of the linguist who wrote the paper "Pre- and postnominal onymic genitives in (Early) New High German: A multifactorial analysis"?
How many shots did Inter attempt on target in the Champions League Final match between Bayern and Inter on May 23, 2010?
What are the names of the two mathematicians who received the Salem Prize in 1988?
What is the name and surname of the first African American woman to serve as a Portland City Commissioner in Oregon, U.S.?
What is the name of the university in Nepal that was established in 2016 A.D. and is located in Lalitpur?
On the banks of which river in Venezuela was the mission where botanist Pehr Löfling spent his final hours?
In which year was Dina Nath Walli (an Indian watercolor artist and poet from Srinagar city) born?
Specify the day, month, and year in which Activision Blizzard announced the upcoming establishment of a new esports division.
As of 2011, what was the male population of Chitwan District?
Who received the Oskar Kokoschka Prize in 1985?
Despite the Warden of the Kingston Penitentiary claiming the treatments were humane, according to the 1856 report, how many bed deprivations with concurrent bread and water diets were given that year?
Which was the first Indian album to have more than 1 billion streams on Spotify?
What was the name of the choir that performed at the 2019 Cape Town International Jazz Festival?
In what year did Tom Limoncelli and Christine Hogan win the LISA Outstanding Achievement Award from USENIX?
By whom was Rabab, a famous musical instrument, introduced in Kashmir?
In what year did the biochemist Mildred Cohn receive the Golden Plate Award from the American Academy of Achievement?
In which year, month, and day was the singer Beele born?
At what hospital did Communist politician Georgi Dimitrov die in 1949?
Which is the largest saltwater lake in India?
Which year did Adil Hussain and Kristen Jain get married?
In what patch did the item Mechanical Glove change to only apply its damage buff to melee weapons instead of all weapon types in Terraria?
How many years was Phyllida Barlow's career as a teacher?
Black Gryph0n and Baasik collaborated on which fan-made song in 2021 about Hazbin Hotel's character Alastor?
In which year did Hossein Baharvand, an Iranian stem cell and developmental biologist, receive the Mustafa Prize?
What song (title and artist) inspired Tuesday from the anime "Carole & Tuesday" (2019) to run away from home to pursue music?
What is the name of the university where Ana Figueroa, a political activist and government official, studies and graduates from?
Who preceded Oscar Alende as governor of the Province of Buenos Aires?
What day, month, and year was the New Zealand actress Jennifer Kay Ludlam born?
What is the Regional Transport Office (RTO) code for the Kolasib location in Mizoram, India?
What year did Jun Takahashi hold his first men's-only runway show?
Who are Myrtle Eagan's parents in the show "Severance"?
What was the first name of the wife of the American chemist Ralph E. Oesper?
How many years was the Legacy of Walt Disney museum open at Disneyland, CA?
Who did Rose Matafeo join in July 2020 on the comedy show Tiny Tour of Aotearoa, traveling across New Zealand?
What was Yoido Full Gospel Church's membership in 1968?
On what day, month, and year did engraver George Cooke die?
What year was the municipality of San José de la Montaña, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
Who was the Argentine-English-American mathematician and biochemist famous for her use of mathematical techniques to deduce protein structure?
Who won the 2015 Maine State Pumpkin and Squash Weigh-Off, held at the Cumberland Fair?
Who was the inaugural winner of the Riemann Prize in 2019?
What was the age range of the drivers whose EEG data was collected in the 2021 research paper titled "EEG-Based Driving Fatigue Detection Using a Two-Level Learning Hierarchy Radial Basis Function" by Ziwu Ren et al.?
Which medal in the 1932 Summer Olympics art competition did Frederick William MacMonnies receive?
Who was the president of the University of Puerto Rico in 2003?
Which Victoria and Albert Museum director described it as “a refuge for destitute collections”?
In the British drama series "Happy Valley," who does Alec Secareanu play?
What university did Berlinda Tolbert major in theater at?
What part of the body do the eggs of moon jellies lodge in?
Before the New 52, who murdered the supervillain Monsieur Mallah?
How many acres of land did Oprah Winfrey purchase in Rolling Prairie, Indiana, as her weekend refuge in 1998?
What were the day, month, and year when Meta services suffered their worst outage since 2008, bringing down Instagram, Facebook, and WhatsApp?
What President nominated Elliott Fitch Shepard as United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York?
What town in the Southwest region of Western Australia, located 212 kilometers south of Perth and midway between Bunbury and Busselt, was originally inhabited by the Wardandi Noongar people?
What's the secret identity of the third Doll Man?
On what date, month, and year was Jean Benoît Guillaume Robert Antoine Louis Marie Adolphe Marc d'Aviano named Lieutenant-Representative of the Grand Duchess?
In what year did Eilenberg, in a joint paper with Chevalley, give an algebraic approach to the cohomology of Lie groups using the Lie algebra as the basic object?
How many million viewers of the inaugural season of Ultimate Kho Kho (UKK) were from India?
What was the statement famously made by Thomas Edison during the first public demonstration of the incandescent light bulb at Menlo Park regarding the eventual cost of electricity?
What day, month, and year was Massimo Cacciari, an Italian philosopher and politician, born?
On what month, day, and year did NASA announce the selection of its eighth group of astronaut candidates, which included the first women (six mission specialists)?
Who was the deputy leader of the Italian team at the 63rd IMO (International Mathematical Olympiad), held in 2022?
At which hospital did cookbook author and celebrity chef Fatima Sydow pass away?
The Arvida Theatre, built in 1927 in Saguenay, Québec, was built according to the plans of which architect?
What was the day, month, and year when Mario-Rafael Ionian, an Austrian former competitive figure skater, was born?
As of 2018, what is the street name where the Design Museum of Chicago is located?
In which month and year did 175 crews serve rotations at the Mars Desert Research Station over a period of sixteen years?
On what date, month, and year was the Public Order Ordinance commenced in Hong Kong?
What was the title of Paola Massarenghi's spiritual madrigal printed in Arcangelo Gherardini's *Primo libro de madrigali a cinque voci* in 1585?
What year was the municipality of Guatapé, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
What was the first name of Swiss painter Benjamin Samuel Bolomey's mother?
What piece of art by Antonio da Correggio did Augustus III of Poland buy in 1746?
What was the name of the Yale Bright Star Catalogue's direct predecessor, published in 1908?
What was the title of chemist Mary Letitia Caldwell's Ph.D. thesis?
In the match between Sri Lanka and West Indies, Final at Colombo, Oct 07, 2012, who was the match referee?
What item did Cornelia Parker dissolve to create ink for her work "Pornographic Drawings (1997)"?
On what day, month, and year did Max Wolf discover his first asteroid, 323 Brucia?
What month, day, and year did Laura Toggs and her husband Peter Toganivalu, founders and global pastors of the youth ministry group Hillsong Young & Free, announce to the church that they were leaving Hillsong?
Who won the Heinz Hopf Prize in 2019?
Which foreign merchant was issued the right to transact slaves on Spain's behalf and ordered regulations on trade with Cuba?
What day, month, and year was the first Sazae-san strip run by the Asahi Shimbun published?
On what specific day, month, and year was Carrie Underwood's album "Cry Pretty" certified Platinum by the RIAA?
Jackie Ormes was the arts editor for the Monongahela High School yearbook during which academic year?
Who did the International Photography Awards of 2020 give the Nature Photographer of the Year Award to?
At which art institute did Cornelia Parker have her first solo museum exhibition?
In the game Terraria, what update added the set bonus to the Robe item when worn with the Magic Hat?
What was the month and year Dudley Carleton, 1st Viscount Dorchester, was created Viscount Dorchester?
Which YouTuber hosted the 12th Streamy Awards on December 4, 2022, at the Beverly Hilton in Los Angeles?
What year was the municipality of Donmatías, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
What is the ChemSpider ID of diazepam?
What's the first NT version of Windows that wasn't branded as NT?
On which day, month, and year did Egypt play against Angola in Group A of the 1996 African Cup of Nations?
In which month and year did Naresh Trehan (an Indian cardiovascular and cardiothoracic surgeon) move to the USA and become a first-year resident at the Thomas Jefferson University Hospital in Philadelphia?
Which fraternity did John Gilbert Layton become a part of while at McGill University?
When, where, and by whom was IFK founded?
What month and year were the Opuke Thermal Pools & Spa opened in Methven, New Zealand?
In what month and year did Wangchuk start a project called the Ice Stupa?
How many minutes and seconds is the length of Sidhu Moosewala's song "Death Route"?
On what day, month, and year did the 2nd ASEM Environment Ministers' Meeting (ASEMEnvMM2) begin?
What was the date (day/month/year) of the professional rower Albert Hamm's (1860-1891) first professional race?
In what year did the biochemist Mildred Cohn publish her work titled "A Study of Oxidative Phosphorylation with O-18 Labeled Inorganic Phosphate"?
Who was the lead sound for the Kirby Star Allies 2019 original soundtrack?
What patch reduced the amount of damage taken in Berserk Stance from 10% to 5% in World of Warcraft?
Who performed the theme song for the 1989 Leeds International Film Festival opener *Shirley Valentine*?
What year is Anselm Kiefer's "The Second Sinful Fall of Parmenides (Der zweite Sündenfall des Parmenides)" dated?
How heavy is my Ricoh GR III body only in grams?
What were the original names of the first three ships in the Sea Organization associated with the Church of Scientology?
What were the month, day, and year of philosopher Edmund Burke's last day in office as Paymaster of the Forces?
On what year was the JK Tyre Rotax Max Karting Championship launched in India?
Which two months did Pep Guardiola win the Manager of the Month award in the 2021-22 Premier League season?
What day, month, and year was Rosa Whitaker Day proclaimed by Rep. Charles Rangel?
What is the first name of Squire Boone, Sr., and Sarah Morgan Boone's youngest daughter, born in 1746?
Who served as the music director of the London Sinfonietta from 1994 to 1998?
How many votes did the Slovene Unified List get for the Chamber of Deputies in the 1963 Italian General Election?
In which city did the main characters of "The Parkers" live?
Which college in Srinagar was accredited as the College for Potential Excellence by the University Grants Commission (India) in April 2010?
From which date, month, and year to which date, month, and year did the Indian lawyer L. N. Sinha serve as Attorney General of India?
What year was the municipality of Jenesano, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
How long, in minutes and seconds, is Beyoncé's album "Dangerously in Love"?
What day, month, and year did William II of Holland become King of Germany?
What are the first name, middle name, and surname of the American politician who served in the California State Assembly from 1967 to 1976 and who died on February 6, 2007?
What were the day, month, and year when Hum TV shut down its SD feed and shifted to HD in Pakistan?
Which DropoutTV series is a spin-off of "Game Changer" inspired by its "Noise Boys" episodes?
The Partial Solar Eclipse of January 1, 1805 was a part of which Saros series?
In which month and year did Jose Maria Canlas Sison marry his wife, Julie de Lima, in a Catholic church?
Who received an honorable mention at the 1996 Frank and Brennie Morgan Prize for Outstanding Research in Mathematics by an Undergraduate Student?
Who described Indira Gandhi as the "Iron Lady"?
Who was awarded the Darwin Medal in 1952?
On what day, month, and year was Javier Zanetti's first daughter born?
On what day, month, and year was Shah Faesal (an Indian bureaucrat) appointed as the Assistant Commissioner, Revenue, of Pulwama district, Kashmir?
For what career did Eddie Marsan leave school at 16?
Who wrote the paper 'Multidimensional Scaling and Other Techniques for Uncovering Universals'?
Who was the guest star who played Carter on S5 E9 of "The Dukes of Hazzard"?
In what year was Antonio Giolitti awarded the Cavaliere di Gran Croce, the highest honor bestowed by the President of the Italian Republic?
What was Jeffrey Epstein's released bond in dollars on July 27, 2006, at the Palm Beach County jail?
In Game 2 of the '04 ALCS, who singled to lead off the 8th inning?
On what day, month, and year did the Rapid Action Battalion oversee the exhumation of the corpses of Sagar Sarowar and Meherun Runi for the purpose of a viscera test?
The Persina Nature Park in Bulgaria was originally established on what day, month, and year?
In what year was Pipilotti Rist first awarded the 'St. Galler Kulturpreis der St. Gallischen Kulturstiftung'?
On what day, month, and year did Mira Sintra-Meleças railway station open for revenue service?
How old was Lillian Marie Bounds when her father passed away?
Who was the recipient of the ISCB Accomplishment by a Senior Scientist Award in 2019?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Marlow Award in 1983?
What day, month, and year was the municipality of Tipacoque, Boyacá, Colombia, created?
In which year of the Olympics did Grand Seiko become the Official Timer?
What is the second-largest island in the world that is part of Indonesia?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Polanyi Medal for outstanding contributions to the field of gas kinetics in 1982?
How many gold medals in fencing did Hungary win during the 1964 Summer Olympics?
At what university was Lois Griffiths appointed as an instructor in mathematics immediately following the award of her doctorate?
What year was the municipality of Santa Rosa de Osos, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
How many spin-offs of the journal "Circulation" did the American Heart Association launch in 2008?
In Game 7 of the '04 ALCS, who did Pedro Martinez give up a leadoff double to?
What year was the municipality of Chiscas, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
Which country is the species Acanthops bidens native to?
What were the month and year when Telegram reached 180 million monthly active users?
What is the first and last name of the first American transgender person featured in the National Portrait Gallery?
In which month and year was Satyanarayan Gangaram Pitroda (an Indian telecommunication engineer and entrepreneur) appointed as advisor to Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Public Information Infrastructure and Innovations with the rank of Cabinet Minister?
Who wrote the lyrics for the official anthem of the state of Hesse, Germany?
What does the band name Shai mean in Swahili?
Which city is known as the Rice Bowl of Kashmir?
Which president had a meeting with Kwame Nkrumah right before the Kulungugu bomb attack?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Victor A. Prather Award in 1968?
What was the muse's name for the sketch "Serena in the Boat of Apathy," purchased as part of the Oppé Collection with assistance from the National Lottery through the Heritage Lottery Fund in 1996?
On March 22, 2011, who was the Pakistani leader of Jama'at-ud-Da'wah who issued a $2.2 million fatwā for anyone who killed Pastor Terry Jones?
What years did Ana Figueroa represent Chile as "Minister Plenipotentiary" at the United Nations?
What was the first name of the Irish-born computer programmer Kathleen Rita McNulty Mauchly Antonelli's father?
On which day, month, and year was Sunil Das (an Indian expressionist painter) born?
Which radio station did Belva Davis work at as a disc jockey in 1964?
Cildo Meireles began working on "Virtual Spaces" during what year?
On what day, month, and year was Henry Ernest Gascoyne Bulwer born?
In what year did Carlotta Gall start her career?
How many sons and daughters did former State President of South Africa, P.W. Botha, have with his wife Anna Elizabeth Rossouw?
On what day, month, and year was Dr. Sanduk Ruit conferred with the National Order of Merit of Bhutan in Gold?
What were the names of the two streets at the intersection where the Sydenham Hospital in New York was originally located?
What was the first and last name of Margaret Bourchier, Countess of Bath's first child from her second marriage?
What were the first and last names of Welsh journalist Wyre Davies' maternal grandfather, who captained *Harmanteh*?
Who won the Kalinga Prize for the Popularization of Science in 1969?
What is the title of the painting Sir William Beechey (British portraitist) painted for the 1798 exhibition of the Royal Academy?
Who won the Margaret Oakley Dayhoff Award in 2003?
In what year was the District of Columbia Baptist Convention excommunicated due to its support of LGBTQ inclusion?
Name the Prime Minister who laid the foundation stone of the Government Medical College located in Srinagar, Kashmir, on 13 June 1957?
In what year was John Lennon's psychedelic Rolls-Royce shown at the Pacific National Exhibition?
How many colors does the Zambian flag have?
In what year did Francesco "Franco" Giordano become a member of the Italian Communist Party?
In which episode of the anime Death Note is Mikami first introduced? Give me the number and title.
Other than being a choreographer for the TV series In Living Color, what other job did Rosie Perez do on the show?
In which year were the two novel RNA viruses, distantly related to pestiviruses and coltiviruses, detected in the genomes of dead Manis javanica and Manis pentadactyla?
Who was the 3rd CEO of Lumon Industries in the show "Severance"?
In which town in New Zealand was actress Amanda Billing born and raised?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Beilby Medal and Prize in 2009?
In which year was the municipality of Vegachí, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
In which season and episode of Archer is Cheryl revealed to be a millionaire?
What is the weight of the Phosphorescent Pole weapon in Demon's Souls (2009) using the in-game units of weight, which are called "units"?
What number step is "ubusuna jinja ni kiyu hokokuh" in the Shinto funeral process?
What is Vergil's battle quote about bedtime when he stabs the player playing as Nero in Devil May Cry 5?
Which streamer won the "Best Variety Streamer" award at The Streamer Awards in 2022?
What year did the Evolution Festival introduce an entry charge?
What is a bridge called in Kashmiri?
As of the 2020 census, what was the population of the city of Fort Oglethorpe, which is in the U.S. state of Georgia?
In Season 15, Episode 1 of Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, on what New York island did William Lewis hide Olivia?
Which female chemist was awarded the Garvan–Olin Medal in 1952?
In what year, under the leadership of Superintendent Jim Northup, did Shenandoah National Park establish an Artist-in-Residence Program that is administered by the Shenandoah National Park Trust, the park's philanthropic partner?
In what year was the minor planet 3586 Vasnetsov discovered?
In the 2020 census, what was the population of Seneca Township in Lenawee County?
During what year did Tatsuo Miyajima have his first solo exhibition?
In what year did John William Robert Kerr, 7th Marquess of Lothian, enter the House of Commons as a representative for Huntingdon?
What is the depth of Wular Lake in meters, located in Jammu & Kashmir?
What was the economy rate of S. N. Thakur per over in the match between CSK and DC in IPL 2019 that happened on May 10, 2019?
What is the name of the individual who was awarded the Paul Karrer Gold Medal in 2004?
During which year did Yayoi Kusama have her first exhibition in Spain?
Which religion is the third largest among Singaporean residents based on the 2020 census?
In which Swiss municipality was the painter Jean Preudhomme baptized in 1732?
During what year did Isa Genzken divorce Gerhard Richter?
How many UN Volunteers served in 54 United Nations missions, agencies, funds, and programs across the globe in 2019?
From which president did Yo-Yo Ma receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom?
In Season 1 of The Bachelor, which contestant was a waitress at Hooters?
In which year was a replacement pink donut with sprinkles sculpture unveiled in Springfield, New Zealand following arson?
Who was the chief guest of the eighteenth convocation of Indira Gandhi National Open University, New Delhi, held in 2007?
In which month and year did American mathematics professor and blackjack researcher Edward Oakley Thorp first get married to his wife, Vivian?
The first public showings of "Another Day in America" by Laurie Anderson were in which city?
Babymetal's song "Road of Resistance" charted at what number on the Billboard World Digital Songs chart for the week of February 21, 2015?
What character did Julie Depardieu play in the TV movie "La Passion du Docteur Bergh"?
Who won the first National Kho Kho Championship in England in 2015?
Who won the Florence Nightingale David Award in 2015?
What is the name of the type of cancer that Fatima Sydow, a renowned Cape Malay culinary artist, was battling before she passed away?
What advanced reservoir simulation technology did Aramco unveil in 2010?
In which year was the Kangri cancer effect first studied?
On which day, month, and year did Anugrah Narayan Sinha become the Deputy Premier cum Finance Minister of Bihar province?
In what city did Richard Serra meet composer Philip Glass?
What were Terry Kath's famously ironic last words?
Who was the Friday night headliner of ArcTanGent 2013 on the Arc stage?
On which day, month, and year was the domain "indianexpress.com" registered?
From what university did Bill Brown (professor at the University of Chicago and critical theorist) receive his B.A.?
What year was the municipality of El Cocuy, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
In which year was Greta Garbo awarded the Litteris et Artibus royal medal?
What month, day, and year did Brenda Gayle Hayes, wife of W. V. Grant, die?
What year did Cornelia Parker have her first solo museum exhibition?
The first clock installed outside of the family farm of Alberto Olvera Hernández was for the Santiago Apostol Church in which small town in Mexico?
What's the secret identity of the third Phantom Lady?
What ministerial title did Ana Figueroa hold while representing Chile at the United Nations from 1950 to 1952?
What were the date, month, and year that Jody Williams, the fourth season winner of South African Idols, was born?
On what day, month, and year did Camarillo Plaza in California unveil a 13-foot (4.0 m) in diameter floral clock for the first time?
What neologism, which gained widespread use in the 21st century, identifies the date on which the day and night are exactly the same?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Linus Pauling Award in 1969?
In which day, month, and year was the municipality of La Victoria, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
What year was the municipality of Jardín, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
What year was the municipality of Santo Domingo, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
Who started Game 5 of the '04 ALCS for the Red Sox?
What was the day, month, and year when Adrian Robert James Pettigrew, an English former professional footballer, was born?
In which year did Maryam Mirzakhani (an Iranian mathematician) become a professor at Stanford University?
What day, month, and year was Kelly Clarkson's album "Piece by Piece" released on CD in Brazil?
Which football club won the inaugural Hessenpokal?
How many total lunar eclipses occurred on Earth in the year 1967?
What were the month and year when the WhatsApp file upload limit was raised from 100 MB to 2 GB, and the maximum group size increased to 512 members?
For which garden was the "Neptune and Triton" sculpture carved?
What year did Kathryn Shaw step down as the Artistic Director of Studio 58?
Which Salvador Dalí painting was described as "a vast human body breaking out into monstrous excrescences of arms and legs tearing at one another in a delirium of auto-strangulation"?
What was Pankaj Mithal's position just before being appointed as a judge of the Supreme Court of India?
In which year was Jamini Roy (an Indian painter) awarded the Padma Bhushan by the Government of India?
On what day, month, and year did Taiwanese conductor and violinist Felix Chen die?
In what year was the beetle species Conalia helva described?
What Terraria patch added biome-specific stalactites to the underground areas?
From which university did computer scientist Jeanne Clare Adams receive her B.S. degree in Economics in 1943?
The song "The Hawk of Lebanon" is about which Hezbollah leader?
What did Daemon say to Vaemond before killing him in HOTD Season 1?
What was the name of the piece Dr. Lucy Jones composed and made a music video for in 2019, which she described as her musical interpretation of global temperature data from 1880 to 2017?
As of 2022, what is the name of the most spoken language in the Tharparkar region of Sindh, Pakistan?
What city was Richard Serra in when he created his work "To Lift"?
In what city was the first International Stroke Conference held?
How many singles did Chip Fields-Hurd record for Buddah Records?
What is the maximum depth of the Mediterranean Sea in meters?
What is the name of the project that won the 2008 ACM Software System Award?
What was saxophonist "Buster" Smith's full birth name?
What was the date, month, and year when "Selective Availability" was discontinued as a result of the 1996 executive order, allowing civilian users to receive a non-degraded signal globally?
What were the month, day, and year Whig politician James Vernon the Younger was born?
In what episode and season of Scandal did Olivia find out that her mother is a terrorist?
What is the name of the man who purchased Belmont on St. Saviour's Hill, Jersey, UK, in 1822?
What is the chemical name of the drug previously known to treat bacterial infections that Dr. William Schwartz discovered also acts as a diuretic in people with congestive heart failure?
What is the name of the 11th song on "The Last Unicorn" soundtrack album?
On which month and year did Sahara Khatun attract criticism for her discriminatory comments asking Hindus to cut their Janmashtami celebrations short so that it did not clash with Ramadan?
What was Stephen Resnick's cause of death?
What is the name and surname of the photographer who first invented a tool to coat calotype paper called the Buckle Brush?
In what year was Niels Erik Norlund awarded a Gold Medal for an essay on continued fractions?
What album did Kinoko Teikoku release in 2014?
On what day, month, and year was Murray Nicoll, the Australian journalist who reported from his own burning home during the 1983 Ash Wednesday bushfires in Australia, born?
Which year was the actinide concept proposed?
Which genus was the ruby-throated bulbul moved to from *Turdus* before finally being classified in the genus *Rubigula*?
What was Bindy Johal's age in years when he immigrated to Vancouver, British Columbia, with his parents during his childhood?
What month, date, and year was Sicily Sewell released from the TV show "One on One"?
In what year did Otton Nikodym show how to produce a subset 𝑁 of the unit square with area(𝑁) = 1 such that for each point 𝑥 ∈ 𝑁 there is a line intersecting 𝑁 in the single point 𝑥?
Who was the recipient of the Leslie Fox Prize for Numerical Analysis in 2017?
What month, day, and year was the Köln Frankfurter Straße station opened?
The Alpine musk deer is the state animal of which Indian state?
What year did Kinoko Teikoku release their first single "Taikutsu Shinogi" (退屈しのぎ)?
What was the name of New York's National Academy of Design in 1825?
What year was LEGO part ID 852 first used?
Which scientist received the William Henry Twenhofel Medal in 1978?
How many goals did Diogo Jota score for Liverpool in the 2021-2022 EFL Cup?
In which month of 2005 was the Lal Bahadur Shastri Dam, also known as the Almatti Dam, located on the Krishna River in North Karnataka, India, completed?
What's the notion to which the lexical semantic map in Figure 4 of the paper "New Avenues and Challenges in Semantic Map Research" is dedicated?
What were the names of the three announcers of the radio show "The American Album of Familiar Music"?
What year was the municipality of Alejandría, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
For the original Groove Coaster game for iOS, all the original songs were by Hirokazu Koshio (COSIO) and whom?
What was the date, month, and year when France proposed that the UN Security Council call for "a rapid and massive withdrawal" from Kuwait along with a statement to Iraq that Council members would bring their "active contribution" to a settlement of the region's other problems?
What day, month, and year was the municipality of San Juan de Urabá, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
What river borders the west of Goldsboro, NC?
At what age did Welsh scholar Merryl Wyn Davies convert to Islam?
Which scientists received the American Chemical Society Award in Pure Chemistry in 1937?
Where is Leonard Perry Jr., the college basketball coach, originally from?
The K-class blimp (1938), the K-14, had a total diameter of what in meters?
What year was Mary Engle Pennington inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame?
What soccer team was the first to be sponsored by the brand New Balance in England?
What was the name of the common-law husband of the Indian-Canadian serial killer Simmi Kahlon?
On 30 November 1657, who proclaimed himself emperor at Ahmedabad?
What camera has the world's first dual-driven shutter system?
Which of the three Olympic fencing weapons was the last one to transition to using electrical equipment?
In which year was Whig politician James Vernon the Younger appointed Serjeant of the Chandlery?
What role did Hugh Ledigo play for The Jazzmen at the time of Kenny Ball's death (March 2013)?
How many days was Kaitlin Armstrong on the run from authorities for killing Moriah Wilson?
In which month and year did KTH's R1 reactor achieve criticality?
Who is the new employee that appears in Episode 1 of Severance?
How many months after his wife, Hilde, died did Jurgen Aschoff also pass away?
What were the day, month, and year when Google released a version of Chrome on Windows that added hardware-accelerated H.264 video decoding?
Who was the first president of the Supreme Court of Argentina?
As of 2022, in total, how many designated UNESCO areas have Great Apes?
On what month, day, and year did Ketanji Brown Jackson's service as a circuit judge end?
What was the name of Claudio Bunster Weitzman, the Chilean theoretical physicist, until 2005?
When (month-day-year) was "I Could Have Been Your Cellmate" released?
In which year was the municipality of Remedios, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
Which art dealership did Peter Arrell Browne Widener buy "Portrait of Elena Grimaldi Cattaneo" from in 1906?
What is the name of the man buried at Paddington Cemetery in London in 1767, with an epitaph that reads, "Tho' sweet as Orpheus thou couldst bring / Soft pleadings from the trembling string"?
What was the first line after the salutation in the letter sent to Sri Biswambhar Goswami by A.C. Bhaktivedanta, also known as A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada, on December 25, 1956?
What is the Edo name of the crown traditionally worn by the Iyoba (Queen Mother) of the Oba of Benin?
Charles Saatchi had his first "Young British Art" show during what year?
What is the secret identity of Mark's neighbor in Season 1 of Severance?
In which month and year did Apple add the ability for users to speak "Hey Siri" to enable the assistant without the requirement of physically handling the device?
What day, month, and year did Knud Nellemose, the Danish sculptor, pass away?
Who is Gabby Arteta married to in Season 1 of Severance?
In what year was the beetle species Conaliamorpha lutea described by Ermisch?
What two other events did Phanas of Pellene manage to win in the Olympics of 521 BCE, besides the race in armor, also known as the hoplitodromos?
What is the name of the 28th song on the official CD release of Kirby Star Allies: The Original Soundtrack?
What school was Aleister Crowley first sent to at the age of 8?
Who directed "Range of Emotions," Season 8, Episode 1 of "Girlfriends"?
Name the mission director of the Rohini Technology Payload (RTP) satellite launch in 1979.
In which year was Ruth Wilson Gilmore elected as a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences?
What were the month, day, and year Sir Nathaniel Brent, English college head, died?
What country won more equestrian medals than any other team at the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens?
What is the full name of the Indian politician who is quoted comparing Kashmir's Martyrs' Day with the Jallianwala Bagh Massacre?
On which day, month, and year was the RS-1 satellite launched from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre in India?
What is the month, day, and year that Olympic athlete Merwin "Marvin" Graham died?
What was the name of Project Zero Dawn's Extinction Failsafe Protocol in the video game Horizon Zero Dawn (2017)?
How many CDs is the Sen no Kiseki IV - The End of Saga - original soundtrack?
What was Jitendra Kumar Maheshwari's position just before being appointed as a judge of the Supreme Court of India?
What city did Ciara perform in on May 29, 2015, for her Jackie Tour?
What is the name of the village in Jammu and Kashmir named after the Sufi saint Baba Payam Uddin Reshi?
What was the year when the Express Tribune (newspaper) reported, "The Aga Khan University Hospital has become the first medical center to introduce the new advanced brain surgery technology, Neuro-Robotic Exoscope, in Pakistan"?
Who was awarded the Calogero Vinti Prize in 2019?
As of 2022, what is the population of Mersin Province?
Who won the silver medal in men's individual foil fencing in the Tokyo 2020 Olympics?
Who was Horacio Coppola's second wife?
What was Darnell's occupation before he was a mechanic in the series "Girlfriends"?
Which famous video game character is featured in the music video for Die Ärzte's song "Men Are Pigs"?
With what award was Sheila Levrant de Bretteville honored in 2009 by the New York Art Directors Club?
The first brief description of Agrilus planipennis was published by Léon Fairmaire in which French journal in 1888?
Who was awarded the 2020 Euler Medal by the Institute of Combinatorics and Its Applications?
What's the month, day, and year of the online publication of the paper "Articulatory constraints on stop insertion and elision in consonant clusters"?
What is the name of the performance Marina Abramović and Uwe Laysiepen performed in 1978?
In what year did Washington, D.C.'s Gay Pride Day first name a person of color as the Grand Marshal of its parade?
On what day, month, and year did the Canadian Centre for Inquiry's Think Again! TV document one of Popoff's performances in Toronto?
Who did Wangechi Mutu collaborate with on "Exhuming Gluttony: A Lover's Requiem"?
In 2006, how many dollars were Hillsong stripped of from the government grant on the grounds they had faked the Indigenous endorsement that was required to obtain it?
In what year was Yo-Yo Ma inducted into the Classical Music Hall of Fame?
What day, month, and year was Lauren Anne Dickason found guilty of murdering her three children in Timaru, New Zealand?
According to the 2011 Indian census, what was the population of Handwara, a sub-district of Kupwara in J&K?
How many years was Tomb Raider: The Ride at Kings Island in operation before being rethemed?
Which ward in Tokyo was the AT-1 phono cartridge created in?
In what year did Welsh broadcaster Louise Elliott join Jamie Owen as host of a weekday morning show on BBC Radio Wales?
What were the day, month, and year when the first unassisted off-Earth Twitter message was posted from the International Space Station by a NASA astronaut?
The drawing of William Buell Sr.'s (1751-1832) house he built, displayed on the historic plaque installed in 2006 at the intersection of Water Street West and Home Street in Brockville, Ontario, was drawn in 1887 by which Brockville artist?
What is the height of the Space Shuttle Atlantis in meters?
In which episode from Season 4 of Regular Show do Mordecai and Rigby have mullets again?
What was the name of the location where the stone came from to replace the 199 wooden steps at Whitby Abbey in 1774?
What was the rate of climb of the Grumman F4F-3 Wildcat (1937) in meters per second?
Who painted the still life oil painting of canned goods that was featured on Maine's 2011 Common Ground Country Fair poster?
In which year did Amrita Sher-Gil's (a Hungarian-Indian painter) family move to Summer Hill, Shimla, India?
How many weeks did Letecia Stauch's trial last?
Which Indian squash player won the 2017 Men’s Makati Open Squash tournament?
Who won the Anonymous Was A Woman award with a pure drawing in 2019?
What is the name of the first Catholic church in The Woodlands, Texas?
Who adopted Jett Williams in 1954?
In which township was Max Vuyisile Sisulu born?
What is the full name of the Ugandan woman who had given birth to 44 children by the age of 36?
Which glacier is known as the "Third Pole"?
How many years was the scholarship that Mary Fairchild MacMonnies Low won from the St. Louis School of Fine Arts for?
What was the name of the NS Class 1311 train in the NS Class 1300 series?
What was the species of the first animal featured on YouTube?
Who was the 14th Chief Justice of Kenya?
How many assists did Kostas Tsimikas have across all competitions in the 2021-2022 season?
In which season and episode of Peaky Blinders do Tommy and Alfie discuss crossing the line?
What is the last name of the player who got a yellow card in the 71st minute of the match between Germany and Sweden during the 2018 FIFA World Cup?
On which year was Paul Holdengräber awarded the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art?
What year was the municipality of Chivatá, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
On which day, month, and year was Max Vuyisile Sisulu born?
Before the New 52, who was responsible for Rainbow Raider's death?
What is the name of the firm that Nelle Porter leaves to join Cage & Fish in Ally McBeal Season 2, Episode 1?
What was the year when it was announced that Chrome would be completely revamped using Google's Material You design language?
What is the wheelbase of the Honda CL125 in millimeters?
Who was the first visual artist to be awarded the Peace Prize of the German Book Trade?
What are the dimensions in centimeters of the painting "Holy Mount Athos" from The Slav Epic?
What was the year when Cléo Hamon began learning to skate?
What was the name of the observatory in which 259 Aletheia was discovered in 1886?
Name the enzyme with an enzyme commission number of 4.1.1.65.
What is the surname of the individual who won the Gibson-Fawcett Award in 2018?
What date (day, month, and year) was Robert McKee, the Maryland politician who resigned from the House of Delegates in 2008, born?
Which Iranian organization did Mahlagha Mallah help to found in 1993?
Who won the 19th edition of the Women’s Asian Individual Squash Championships (AISC)-2017?
What baseball team won the Burrard League Championship in 1940?
In which year was the municipality of La Uvita, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
In the 1900 report "Clays of New York, Their Properties and Uses," in the Mineralogy of Clays section, it discusses the experiments of Vogt, which show that kaolinite is not the only substance that remains in suspension for a long time. Tests include potash mica, orthoclase from Norway, and what other mineral from what location?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Robert Boyle Prize for Analytical Science, formerly called the Boyle Medal, in 2012?
In which year did Julian Bradley, the first Black Republican to serve in the Wisconsin Senate and only the second Black Republican to serve in the Wisconsin Legislature, first move to La Crosse, Wisconsin, with his mother?
Who was awarded The Oceanography Society's Jerlov Award in 2008?
Who won the Margaret Oakley Dayhoff Award in 2011?
Who started a "Free Theatre" at the Ferrer Center in late 1914?
In which year did the former PM of J&K, Mehr Chand Mahajan, become a judge of the Lahore High Court?
Who reversed Limann's boycott of Gaddafi's Libya, allowing the Black Stars to compete in the 1982 African Cup of Nations?
What was the name of the venue where the 1993 Scandinavian Masters golf tournament happened?
What is the name of the photograph that was sold for just under four million dollars in 2011 and became the most expensive photograph sold at that time?
The Wandanlage stereo system was originally released in which year?
On what month, day, and year did Noel Fielding receive an honorary master's degree from Buckinghamshire New University?
How many episodes of "Numbertime" did Toby Jones write?
What is the day, month, and year that the ten venues of the 2010 FIFA World Cup were officially announced?
At what age did Viktor Vasnetsov pass away?
How many inductees did the American Classical Music Hall of Fame have in 2007?
What country was the first to democratically elect a woman as president?
What is the apparent visual magnitude of Gliese 146?
What was the name of the episode in which Shai appeared on Family Matters, Season 5, Episode 15?
What is the name of the school where the Kaki Tree Project did its first planting?
At which university did Jurgen Aschoff study medicine?
Armsia petasus is endemic to which country?
In what year did Swiss painter Benjamin Samuel Bolomey become a pupil of Joseph-Marie Vien?
What are the day, date, month, and year of birth of the first Prime Minister of the Gold Coast (now Ghana)?
On what day, month, and year did the Philippines ratify the Southeast Asian Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zone Treaty?
What is the name of the eighth track on the album "These Two Windows" by Alec Benjamin?
Who is known to be the first female museum curator in Spain's National Archaeological Museum (Madrid)?
In which year was the municipality of Carepa, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
What month and year did Canon launch the EOS R50?
In Hz, what was the sampling rate used for recording EEG signals from the six participants in the 2021 research paper titled "EEG-Based Driving Fatigue Detection Using a Two-Level Learning Hierarchy Radial Basis Function" by Ziwu Ren et al.?
Who formed the Dubai-based band Sho? in June 2009?
What month and year was the first public demonstration of televised silhouette images in motion?
At what university did Leslie Gabriel Valiant spend the year 1973-74 as a visiting assistant professor?
What year did Heisuke Hironaka establish a philanthropic foundation called the Japan Association for Mathematical Sciences?
Who served as the first Deputy Commissioner of the Pherzawl District, located in the southern part of Manipur, India?
What key signature was "Sing Out" by Ron Kenoly recorded in?
In what year did Charlton Publications sell Hit Parader?
What were the month, day, and year Elizabeth Carey, Lady Berkeley, was born?
What day, month, and year did the 7th All-Africa Games end?
What academy did Isa Genzken transfer to and finish studying fine arts and art history?
Julie Mehretu's 'Empirical Construction, Istanbul' is from what year?
In which city was the linguist Georgy Konstantinovich Danilov born?
How many siblings did Elizabeth Spencer, Baroness Hunsdon, have?
Who became the winner of the first-ever women's event in the Nash Cup in Canada?
In what year did Mullvad begin supporting connections via the OpenVPN protocol?
Within plus or minus one minute, when was Pepe given a yellow card in the Champions League semi-final match between Real Madrid and Man City in 2016?
What title did the Royal Academy of Arts appoint to Cornelia Parker in 2010?
Who was the recipient of the John Tuzo Wilson Medal in 2000?
During which years was Otto Schlüter a professor of geography at the University of Halle?
What is the first and last name of the first woman to chair the American Heart Association Board of Directors?
In what year did the aerospace scientist Hans Wolfgang Liepmann receive the Ludwig-Prandtl-Ring Award?
What was the first city and state where The Sopranos episode "Full Leather Jacket" was filmed?
Who played Creon in Antigone at the Epidaurus Festival 2022?
In which year was the municipality of Buriticá, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
Who set the Guinness World Record by building the largest Nerf gun, measuring 3.81 meters (12 feet 6 inches), on October 15, 2021?
What was the title of the engineer and scientist Ahmet Cemal Eringen's Ph.D. dissertation?
What's the first song by Phoebe Bridgers that features Sara Watkins?
In the episode "Myth of Fingerprints" from Law and Order, who played the character named Erica?
As of 2020, what is the number of academic staff in the University of Cambridge?
In which year did Dr. Abu Baker Asvat step down as a leader of the Transvaal Cricket Board?
Which year did Emmanuel Radnitzky, an American visual artist, enroll in the Ferrer School?
What is the name of the second song on Disc 1 of The Legend of Heroes "Sora no Kiseki FC & SC" Super Arrange Version album?
When (month-day-year) was "Amazing Love" by the Mississippi Mass Choir released?
In which volume and issue of the journal Linguistics was the paper "Articulatory constraints on stop insertion and elision in consonant clusters" originally published?
Which female biochemist received the Francis P. Garvan–John M. Olin Medal in 1946?
What is the cost of Full Moon Grass sold by Patches in Demon's Souls (2009)?
How many balls did Hardik Pandya play in the Indian Premier League 2019 final match between CSK and MI on May 12, 2019?
What month, day, and year did the second session of the 4th Parliament of Singapore commence?
What was the model number of the first Betamax VCR in the US?
What is the first name and surname of the food scientist who received the first IFT Industrial Scientist Award in 1994?
In what year was Louis Moreau Gottschalk forced to leave the United States due to an alleged affair with a student at Oakland Female Seminary?
In what year was Bonaya Adhi Godana first elected to the National Assembly of Kenya?
What year did the chemist Pauline Gracia Beery Mack publish her work "Colorfastness of Women's and Children's Wearing-Apparel Fabrics"?
Who won the 1997 IJCAI Award for Research Excellence?
How many yellow cards were given to Real Madrid in the UCL semi-final 2nd leg in 2021 between Chelsea and Real Madrid?
What type of voice did Bessie Smith have?
In what month and year was the Flitzer on Surfside Pier retired?
Which month and year was William Harrison Standley appointed as the American Ambassador to the USSR?
What was the magnitude of the solar eclipse that occurred on June 21, 2001?
What is song 3 on disc 2 of the "Ys Origin" original soundtrack?
What color is the third stripe from the top of the aromantic pride flag created in 2014?
In which year did Yvette Chauviré's spouse, Constantin Nepokoitchitsky, die?
Who played the electronic drums on P-Model's *Pause*?
Who was the first woman elected to the Executive Committee of the African National Congress?
What is the name of the academic editor of the 2021 research paper titled "Classification of Relaxation and Concentration Mental States with EEG" by Shingchern D. You?
Artist J.C. Leyendecker's last original cover for "The Saturday Evening Post" was published on what month, day, and year?
How many Targaryen kings had sat on the throne before Maegor the Cruel?
What is the name of the astronomer who discovered 216433 Milianleo in 2009?
Who was Raúl Alfonsín's first Minister of Defense?
In which year did Aaron Leo Brody, an American food scientist, first earn his Ph.D.?
Who directed S1E8 of Abstract: The Art of Design?
What are the stud dimensions of the LEGO part with ID 54093?
What year was the municipality of Saboyá, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
On what month, day, and year did Google release the first Google Doodle that used artificial intelligence to make music?
Which year was architect Mary Almy commissioned to work on the Fitchburg Art Museum?
What is the maximum length of Krishansar Lake in kilometers?
Which specific dialect did Emma, Lady Hamilton possess that George Romney and the Bishop of Derry "longed to be near"?
From which date, month, and year to which date, month, and year did the Indian lawyer L. N. Sinha serve as Solicitor General of India?
What was the population of Center Township, Clinton County, Iowa, at the time of the 2000 Census?
What were the first, middle, and last names of the third deputy speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan?
In an advertisement on 17 June 1834 in the Halifax Times, Joseph Toler (Canadian artist/gold and silversmith) stated he had moved to what hotel to begin offering "likenesses"?
Who was the Deputy Speaker of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly when Munu Adhi was the Speaker of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from 1977 to 1980?
Who won the 2017 Kalpana Chawla Award for courage and daring enterprise?
During the 2019 International Photography Awards, who won the Analog / Film Photographer of the Year Award?
What is the full name of the mathematician who started the publication "Mathematica Japonicae" using his own funds in 1948?
At what day, month, and year was Prof. R.V.R. Chandrashekar Rao appointed Vice Chancellor of Dr. B.R. Ambedkar Open University, Hyderabad?
How many minutes did the Fairey Albacore with Taurus XII used in World War II take to reach 6000 feet altitude in its time to altitude specification?
In which city and country was the International Congress of Mathematicians held when Vladimir Voevodsky was awarded his Fields Medal?
Specify the day, month, and year Canon introduced two new UHDgc 2/3-inch Portable Zoom Lenses designed for 4K UHD broadcast cameras.
What was the first and last name of the recipient of the Annie Jump Cannon Award in Astronomy in 1952?
What is the name of the university where Alma S. Woolley received her bachelor's degree?
On what month, day, and year did artist Maria Cristina Finucci found The Garbage Patch State at UNESCO, Paris?
What is the depth measurement in millimeters of the Nokia 2, released in October 2017?
What year did Professor De Moor obtain his PhD in Medical Information Science?
Which figure in the paper "Identifying semantic role clusters and alignment types via microrole coexpression tendencies" shows the hierarchical clustering of similarities in microrole coexpression?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Faraday Lectureship Prize, previously known as the Faraday Lectureship, in 1970?
Who founded the municipality of Cucaita, Boyacá, Colombia?
Which commune in France is The Pont Serme located in?
How many total lunar eclipses were there in 1982?
Which scientist received the C. W. Woodworth Award in 2002?
What was the name of the watchdog in the South African children's series "Pumpkin Patch" in 1988?
How many children did Swiss painter Johann Caspar Füssli have with his wife, Elisabeth?
Who was the inaugural holder of the position of Attorney General of Argentina?
What were the date, month, and year when Hall-Edwards also became the first to use X-rays in a surgical operation?
In what year was British chemist John Shipley Rowlinson appointed a Fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering?
What governor decided that Juneteenth should only be recognized for one year in 2020?
On what day, month, and year did the first Bennett Cup auto race, for a prize sponsored by New York Herald publisher James Gordon Bennett Jr., begin as five entrants departed from the Parc de Saint-Cloud, near Paris, on a 566-kilometer (352 miles) trip to Lyon?
Who succeeded Stefano Moshi as presiding bishop of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Tanzania?
How many times was the first mayor of Paris, Ontario, Hugh Finlayson, elected to the Dominion Parliament?
Who did Governor W. Kerr Scott appoint to fill Joseph Melville Broughton Jr.'s vacant office after his death?
Who designed the San Martín Palace?
Prior to 2024, what year was diver Vicki Draves selected for the Most Outstanding Alumnus of the year at City College of San Francisco?
In which year was the municipality of La Pintada, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
From which university did Raissa M. D'Souza complete her B.S. in physics?
Who won the bronze medal in the women's individual foil during the 1964 Summer Olympics?
What day, month, and year was the largest donor of the Liberal Democrats party in the UK as of 2005 born?
What is the name of the high school from which American painter Kathleen Gemberling graduated?
What is the number and name of the first asteroid to have a diacritical character in its name?
How many episodes of "Harold and the Purple Crayon" did Van Dyke Parks work on as a composer?
Who played baritone saxophone on the 1958 album *Basie Reunion*?
From which Israeli university did Judith Feist Hemmendinger receive her master's degree?
What is the duo name of the singers that Clint Ballard Jr. discovered in 1957 and became their manager?
In what town was the former mayor of Brasov, Romania, George Scripcaru, born?
Who was the first African American to be elected Speaker of the Michigan House of Representatives?
What year was the first time that William Kentridge appeared in the Time 100?
What's the full name of the MS Ramaiah Medical College founder?
What is the height in feet of Stephen Rodger Waugh, the Australian former international cricketer?
Cylindrovertilla kingi is endemic to which country?
What new species introduced in D&D's Unearthed Arcana 2022 "Character Origins" has a head resembling that of an animal?
Which theory of emotion proposes the idea of the fight-or-flight response?
Who was Patricia Bullrich's first husband?
In what month and year was Sergio Chiamparino re-elected as the mayor of Turin with 66.6% of the votes, defeating the center-right coalition candidate Rocco Buttiglione?
Who among the people who proposed the three-stage system in an article titled "Stone Age Cultures of South Africa" was a civil engineer?
Who is the credited conductor on the Super Mario Galaxy Original Soundtrack: Platinum Version?
What is the name of the discovery site of the 454 Mathesis in 1900?
At which university was Seiko Harumi affiliated when she published "The Facilitative Use of Learner-Initiated Translanguaging in Japanese EFL Contexts"?
What was the memory bandwidth of the Nvidia GeForce2 MX200 (2001) in gigabytes per second?
What day, month, and year did the original ActRaiser soundtrack come out in Japan?
What day, month, and year was the article "An Electric Self-Sensing and Variable-Stiffness Artificial Muscle" by Chen Liu, James J. C. Busfield, and Ketao Zhang first published?
In what year was Nash-Williams' doctoral thesis "Decomposition of Graphs into Infinite Chains" submitted to Cambridge University?
What is the name and surname of the person who was the first recipient of the Carl E. Misch Advanced Dental Implant Studies Education Award in 2017?
In which year did Michael John Creutz earn his Ph.D. in physics from Stanford University?
On which day, month, and year was the SROSS-C satellite launched from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre in India?
What was the memory clock of the Nvidia GPU Vanta LT (2000) in MHz?
Who received the IEEE Frank Rosenblatt Award in 2019?
What game version was The Dota 2 International 2012 played on?
Which version of OBS Studio had this update in its patch notes: "Added support for multiple audio tracks in Simple output recording [pkv]"?
What was the name of the pre-2000s band with which the author of *Batman R.I.P.* toured and recorded?
What was the strike rate of Manish Pandey in the 2019 IPL match between KKR and SRH on March 24, 2019?
Who was the 38th mayor of Toronto?
What year was LEGO part ID 23714 released?
Which major American political party was the first to have a keynote speech delivered by a woman at its national convention?
In what year was Alma S. Woolley awarded a doctorate in Nursing Education by the University of Pennsylvania?
From her father, which instrument did Empress Elizabeth of Austria acquire perfect mastery of, according to Karl Küchler?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Chemical Industry Medal, an annual American award given to an industrial chemist by the Society of Chemical Industry, America, in 1960?
In 2013, the BJP MLA Asharani was sentenced to how many years of rigorous imprisonment by a local court for abetting their domestic help to commit suicide?
In which year did Govind Ballabh Pant (the first Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh) enter politics and get elected to the Legislative Assembly of the United Provinces of Agra and Oudh?
What was the version number of the Minecraft Java Beta that added view bobbing to the 3rd person view?
What is the initial name of the political party that Emmanuel Macron founded?
In which year did Shohidul Islam make his international debut for the Bangladesh cricket team?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Liversidge Award in 1946?
At what age did Kichizo Yoshida start learning to craft fine bags?
Who did Buzz Thomas defeat in the 2002 election for the Michigan State Senate - 4th District?
What was P. V. Sanjay Kumar's position just before being appointed as a judge of the Supreme Court of India?
How many goals did the Selkirk Fishermen score in Game 2 of the 1920 Memorial Cup against the Toronto Canoe Club Paddlers?
A 2019 genome-wide association study review published by Loukia Vassilopoulou, Michail Matalliotakis, Maria I. Zervou, Charoula Matalliotaki, Konstantinos Krithinakis, Ioannis Matalliotakis, Demetrios A. Spandidos, and George N. Goulielmos enumerated how many genes with mutations associated with endometriosis development?
Who organized a farewell fancy dress ball for Salvador Dalí on January 18, 1935?
Who was awarded the IEEE/RSE James Clerk Maxwell Medal in 2015?
Which release of the software 7-Zip included the patch note, "7-Zip now can unpack DMG archives that use LZFSE compression method." with its release?
What was the halftime score between Liverpool and Leicester in the game from December 30, 2022?
What patch for the original PS3 Dark Souls added 3 Humanities to the Firelink well?
What was the name of the Andalusi poet Mansa Musa met on his return journey from his pilgrimage to Mecca between 1324 and 1325?
According to the 2011 Nepal census, what percentage of the population of Nepal speaks Urdu?
As of 2022, what year did the Museum of Recent Art hold an exhibition named Thinking/Not Thinking?
What certification did Alan Walker's album, "Different World," receive in the region of Singapore?
Which award did "The Bear" win in 2022?
In what year was the Melvin Mooney Distinguished Technology Award established?
How thick was the sandstone reservoir interval in meters where the gas and condensate column was found in the Akoma-1X well?
How many U.S. patents did Chadwell O'Connor receive in his lifetime?
Which politician was described in the media as the city's "tiny, perfect mayor"?
Who wrote the drama "HUM KAHAN K SACHAY THAY"? In which year and month was it released?
In what city was the 5th ASEM Education Ministers' Meeting held?
In what year did the physicist Alexei Abrikosov win the Fritz London Prize?
What was the former name of the Shastri Nagar Metro Station of the Delhi Metro in Delhi, India?
Who won the International Photography Awards' "International Photographer of the Year" award in 2005?
What is the PubChem CID of Naproxen, a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug?
What recording label was Dylan's "Planet Waves" released on in the UK?
What was the first line after the salutation in the letter sent to Sardar Patel by Abhay Charan De, also known as A. C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada, on February 28, 1949?
Which year did Carl Van Vechten take a leave of absence from his job at The New York Times to travel Europe and explore opera?
In which year did Jean Claude Saint-Venant publish a work in which he gave the correct derivation of the Navier-Stokes equations?
What was Miriam "Ma" Ferguson's age when she first got married?
Name the person appointed as Vice-Chancellor of Jamia Millia Islamia in the year 1978.
How many degrees was the Rattler's maximum vertical angle at Six Flags Fiesta Texas?
What is the first and last name of Margaret Bourchier, Countess of Bath's first husband?
In what city was a symposium in algebraic geometry held in 1991 in Iacopo Barsotti's honor?
What seven new countries were accepted into the Fédération Internationale d'Escrime on June 23, 1914?
What was Granat, an X- and gamma-ray astronomical observatory studying high-energy emissions from galactic and extragalactic sources, originally called?
In what year did computer scientist Jeanne Clare Adams receive her M.S. degree in Telecommunications and Electrical Engineering from the University of Colorado?
What year was the municipality of Betania, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
Who won the Hall Medal in 2011?
On what day, month, and year did Kim Tae-young, a South Korean professional footballer, score the K-League's historic 10,000th goal against his own net?
In what year did Kristin Otto retire from swimming?
What is the name of the Spanish architect credited with creating the Virtual Museum of Modern Nigerian Art?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Applied Catalysis Award in 2012?
What year was the municipality of San Pedro de Urabá, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
What was the name of the maternal grandfather of Govind Ballabh Pant (the first Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh)?
What was the name of the award Mary Munson Runge received from the American Pharmacists Association in 1996?
What is the name of the 10th King of Nepal?
In which patch for the game World of Warcraft was the shaman ability Astral Recall changed to be learned at level 34 instead of level 30?
At what age was M. S. Subbulakshmi's first recording released?
On what day, month, and year was the USS *Nina* recommissioned as a torpedo boat?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Meldola Medal and Prize in 1948?
Which month and year was ex-president of Ghana, J.J. Rawlings enstooled as Togbuiga Nutifafa I of Anlo?
What was the name of male impersonator Hetty King's half-sister?
What are the names of the great-grandparents of Whitney Houston from her mother's father's side?
Doug Aitken was awarded the 'Aldrich Award' for the first time in what year?
What episode of the TV show "Sister, Sister" did Chip Fields-Hurd direct?
What is the length in meters of the TCG Yavuz (F240) ship of the Turkish Navy?
What day, month, and year did the exhibition of Horiyoshi's silk scroll paintings, "The Art of Horiyoshi III", end its display at Somerset House in London?
What is the DrugBank accession number of barium sulfate?
What is the only country in the world to invoke Napoleon in its national anthem?
How old was Olga Kharlan when she joined the Ukrainian National Olympic team?
On what day, month, and year was Ian Charleson Hedge, a Scottish botanist at the Royal Botanic Gardens in Edinburgh who spent seven months collecting specimens in Turkey in 1957 with Peter Davis, born?
Who was the first Red Sox manager to win two World Series?
What is the length, in minutes and seconds, of the standard edition of Kelly Clarkson's album, "Meaning of Life"?
At which university did the mathematician William Prager study civil engineering and receive his diploma in 1925?
Who was the recipient of the William Henry Twenhofel Medal in 1982?
In what year did Paul Doughty Bartlett receive the American Chemical Society Award in Pure Chemistry?
In what year did Jon Kleinberg become a fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery?
What year was the source of the Nile discovered?
In what inning of Game 3 of the '07 World Series did Matsuzaka get his first-ever hit in the Major Leagues?
What were the month, day, and year when the construction of the UN headquarters in New York City was completed?
What year was the municipality of Tarso, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
Where did Adore Delano attend high school?
What was the name of India's first-ever cricket team?
What's the name of the airport identified with "SKEJ"?
The pulsar PSR J0437−4715 is located in which constellation?
Which architect designed the old post office at the corner of Jacques-Cartier and Saint-Jacques streets in Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, which was completed in 1909?
What patch was released after Patch 1.11.0 for the game World of Warcraft?
What is the Muzaffarabad Fort locally known as?
What was the date, month, and year when Clifford Cunnell, an English cricketer, died?
Who was the 7th Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu?
In which season and episode of Breaking Bad does Jesse go to the go-karts?
Which Singapore island is the nation's easternmost point?
What is the name of Wassily Kandinsky's mother?
What is the exact number of visitors who visited Edinburgh Castle in 2018?
At what school did Lorne Baird Warneke receive a B.S. in zoology?
During which year did Gerhard Richter have a solo exhibition named 'Gerhard Richter Portraits'?
How many seats did the National Democratic Party get in the 1946 Argentine general election?
On which date, month, and year was the municipality of Miraflores, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
What year was the municipality of El Espino, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
What year was a joint board set up to conduct a study of all major hospitals in Karachi under the Karachi Municipal Corporation (KMC) and the Aga Khan University Hospital to try to help upgrade all of KMC-affiliated medical facilities in Karachi?
Who were the runners-up for the 2000 doubles competition for the WTA Finals?
According to the lawsuit filed by the Indian news channel WION (World is One News) against their former anchor Palki Sharma Upadhyay, until which month and year did they demand she continue working for WION?
In the video game Dark Souls 1 for the PlayStation 3, which starting class starts at Soul Level 6?
What type of display does the Toshiba BC-1411 use?
What's the name of the active president of the United States in Season 1 of Motherland: Fort Salem?
What year was the current flag of the Department of Tolima, Colombia, adopted?
What is the first name of the individual who won the Gordon E. Moore Medal, an award given yearly by the Society of Chemical Industry to someone who has displayed early career success involving innovation in chemical industries, in 2010?
In which city was Marc Julian Bradley, the first black Republican to serve in the Wisconsin Senate and who made his professional wrestling debut in 1999, born?
What is the name of the dedicated infrared flash used to project invisible infrared light onto the user's face to properly read the 30,000 facial points?
From what year to what year was David Lloyd Wolper, born in 1928, married to Toni Carroll?
How many photographs comprise Isa Genzken's Der Spiegel?
Name the person who was appointed Vice-Chancellor of Indira Gandhi National Open University, New Delhi, in 2012.
In what year did Carlo Alberto Galluzzi serve as Vice-Chair of the Delegation for Relations with the Member States of ASEAN, the ASEAN Interparliamentary Organization (AIPO), and the Republic of Korea?
On what day, month, and year was Gerbrandy Tower's analog antenna replaced with a digital one?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Polanyi Medal for outstanding contributions to the field of gas kinetics in 2008?
What was the main rotor diameter of the Agusta A.106 rotorcraft in meters?
What was the name of male impersonator Hetty King's half-brother?
In the spring of which year did Henry Martin Nevius join the law office of future U.S. Secretary of War Russell A. Alger?
Which supervillain was responsible for the death of Black Condor II?
What is the name of the college from where Dr. Farooq Abdullah, a political leader of Kashmir, completed his MBBS degree?
What date, as in day, month, and year, did Matt Smith first appear on TV?
On what day, month, and year was the asteroid 207 Hedda discovered?
Between which years was Valery Matveevich Panov the artistic director of the Royal Ballet of Flanders?
What day, month, and year was David Richardson, the figure skater, born?
What is the name of Helmut Lang's solo exhibition from 2016 in Dallas, Texas?
What prize did De Broglie win in 1952?
In which year did Ranuccio Bianchi Bandinelli, an Italian archaeologist and art historian, found the Dialoghi di archeologia with his students?
At which international show jumping event did Susie Hutchison and Samsung Woodstock get blocked mid-round by the ring crew?
What year was the municipality of Pajarito, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
In Season 1, Episode 10 of Ally McBeal, what phobia did Richard's uncle have that passed away, and which the minister didn't want him to mention at his uncle's eulogy?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Bader Award for Organic Chemistry in 2002?
In what year was the Showstreet Palace Theater added to Dollywood?
Across 2016-2022, how many episodes in total did Hakuyu Go direct for Mob Psycho 100?
What is the accession number for Gerhard Emmoser's "Celestial Globe with Clockwork" at The Metropolitan Museum of Art?
What is the name of Communist politician Georgi Dimitrov's second wife?
In which year did Pramod Kale (an Indian engineer) win the Shri Hari Om Ashram Prerit Vikram Sarabhai Award for System Analysis and Management Problems?
Who won the 2016 Wisden-MCC (Melbourne Cricket Council) Cricket Photograph of the Year?
What was Pioneer's first LaserDisc player made for consumers with a solid-state laser?
Within plus or minus one minute, when did Jorge Miramón score a goal in the La Liga match between Levante UD and Real Sociedad that happened on June 6, 2022?
How many times did Bil Keane win Best Syndicated Panel by the National Cartoonists Society's Award?
What is the first and last name of the host who interviewed military pilot Eugene Bullard on NBC’s "Today Show"?
What is the accession number given by the Metropolitan Museum of Art for Hendrick Goltzius' "Farnese Hercules"?
In what month and year did Diana Vreeland resign from Harper's Bazaar?
Who was Raquel Meller's second husband?
In 1981, Judith Feist Hemmendinger received her Ph.D. from which French university?
What was the first and last name of the president of the University of Northern Iowa in 2007?
In what year did Augustus De Morgan publish the article "Trochoidal Curve" in the Penny Cyclopaedia?
Who is the second son of Rickard Stark?
As of 2010, what was the population of the village of Manyazybash in Russia?
How many times was Muhammad Nawaz Khokhar, former Deputy Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan, elected as a Member of the National Assembly from his constituency NA-35 (Islamabad)?
What day, month, and year was the album "Platinum" by Miranda Lambert certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America?
How many bands participated in Wacken Open Air in 1992?
What high school did the architect Richard Meier attend?
Who was the first South Korean president to be born after the founding of South Korea?
What was the 49th state that recognized Juneteenth as a holiday?
What is the name of the particular district with the Regional Transport Office (RTO) code NL-03 in Nagaland, India?
Which Secretary General of the Arab League sponsored the first Arab Creativity Oscar for the Arab Creativity Union in Egypt?
At what time to the nearest tenth of a second did Joeri Adams end the race, ranking in first position, in the 2007 UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships – Men's junior race?
Who founded the municipality of El Santuario, Antioquia, Colombia?
What prize did Martha Rosler receive in 2006?
In which year did Dolores Fonzi star in and produce the miniseries Soy tu fan?
Who originally recorded the scientific name of the white-headed duck as *Anas leucocephala* in 1769?
What day, month, and year was the Shaman totem Tremor Totem changed to be learned at level 18 in the beta of World of Warcraft?
In January 2021, who did Speaker of the Maryland House of Delegates Adrienne A. Jones consult with to craft her "Black agenda"?
In what year did Edward Baker Jelks earn a Ph.D. in archaeology?
At what time to the nearest second did Tijmen Eising end the race, ranking in the first position, in the 2009 UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships – Men's junior race?
What is the last name of the individual who won the Marlow Medal and Prize, an early-career award in physical chemistry given by the Royal Society of Chemistry, in 2022?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Faraday Lectureship Prize, previously known simply as the Faraday Lectureship, in 1953?
What was the population of Konaruiyeh, a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran, at the 2006 census?
In the match between Spain and the Netherlands, which was played on 5 February 2022 as part of the 2022 Rugby Europe Championship, in which minute did the Netherlands get their only yellow card?
Which state of India was called "Sapta Sindhu"?
What was the population of Spring Rock Township, Clinton County, Iowa, at the time of the 2000 Census?
In Episode 8, Season 3 of Breaking Bad, who does Jesse Pinkman see being admitted with four gunshot wounds when leaving the hospital after Hank Schrader's attack on him?
In what year was American music producer George Avakian discharged from the U.S. Army?
What is the state highway road number of the Uthamapalayam-Bodenthirapuram Road under the Theni division of Tamil Nadu, India?
Who was the 18th Chief Minister of Karnataka?
What year was the municipality of Barbosa, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
In which year was the Madras Legislative Council renamed the Tamil Nadu Legislative Council?
What percentage of voters were in favor of the constitutional referendum held in Ghana on 27 April 1960?
Who is the head of security on Lumon's severed floor in Season 1 of Severance?
What's the secret identity of the third incarnation of the DC Comics character Firebrand?
In which month and year did Thomas le Bonniec reveal himself as the whistleblower and send a letter to European data protection regulators, calling on them to investigate Apple's "past and present" use of Siri recordings?
On what day, month, and year was the Dogra Art Museum (Jammu) inaugurated by the first President of India, Dr. Rajendra Prasad?
What is the weight of the Sputnik 6 spacecraft in kilograms?
What is the English translation of the title of the painting for which Marcel Baschet won the 1883 Grand Prix de Rome?
What was the first award that Penny Dreadful won?
What is the name of the record label/music studio owned by Albert Fink in BioShock Infinite (2013)?
Who won the Gerard P. Kuiper Prize in 2010?
What are the season number, episode number, and title of the animated series "Avatar: The Last Airbender" in which the history of the city Omashu is explained?
What were the month and year when WhatsApp had about 200 million active users and 50 staff members?
What is the real name of the Japanese criminal known as the Ninja of Heisei?
Give the full name of the grandfather of Nasir Aslam Wani, an Indian politician from Jammu and Kashmir.
In which year was the municipality of San Eduardo, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
What is the name of the political unit where Abdul Bari, an Indian academic and social reformer who sought to bring about social reform in Indian society, served as president from 1946 until his death?
How many votes did Alisher Usmanov receive when he won the 2008 election for President of the Fédération Internationale d'Escrime?
When holding the Crescent Axe from Demon's Souls (2009) in two hands, what is the physical damage reduction when blocking?
What percentage of the faculty at California State University, East Bay was on the tenure track as of fall 2021?
Who won the Paris Kanellakis Theory and Practice Award in 2007?
In which country did Jean-Christophe Yoccoz do his military service?
On what month, day, and year was the cave known as Ursa Minor first discovered in Sequoia National Park, California, United States?
How many years after starting to design the Tricot line was it before Junya Watanabe started his own clothing label collection?
In what year did Evi Nemeth win the USENIX/LISA Lifetime Achievement Award?
What day, month, and year was Peicho Peev, the Bulgarian chess International Master, born?
In which year and month did scientists report the discovery of the oldest known figurative art painting?
In what month and year did Theresa Kuffour (former First Lady of Ghana) die?
Who won the World Senior Chess Championship Women's Tournament held in 1993?
During which years was Manasseh Sogavare affiliated with the Solomon Islands Social Credit Party?
Which country did Audrey McLaughlin volunteer in with Canadian Crossroads International in 1986?
Which character did Van Dyke Parks play in "Twin Peaks"?
In which year was the municipality of Macanal, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
On what date, month, and year was Patricio Echegaray, an Argentine politician born in San José de Jáchal, born?
What is the Regional Transport Office (RTO) code for the Seoni location in Madhya Pradesh, India?
In what year did Sir William Beechey (British Portraitist) retire to Hampstead?
What was the pseudonym of the artist David Quiles Guilló?
To whom was Claude Bourdet married?
Who won the Paris Kanellakis Theory and Practice Award in 2010?
Name the bowed instrument played in Kashmir?
What are the first, middle, and last names of the first Speaker of the West Pakistan Legislative Assembly?
Who was the second woman to receive the Turing Award?
On the Japanese special edition CD of Selena Gomez's album "Rare," what is the name of track 16?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Lord Lewis Prize in 2016?
In what year was the De Gennes Prize (formerly known as the Prize for Materials Chemistry) established?
What year was the post of Secretary General of NATO established?
What was the overall length, in inches, of the 1934 Bendix SWC concept car?
What was the name of the character played by John William Carson in the episode "The Queen of the Orange Bowl" in the anthology series "The United States Steel Hour" in 1960?
What were the day, month, and year of the Terraria desktop patch that added sawmills to the game?
What is the name of the member of the judging panel who crowned Reita Faria, the winner of Miss World 1966?
What species of Polymixia fish is named after research scientist Gloria Hollister?
What were the day, month, and year of release for Aseprite v1.3?
Between which years was Elizabeth Esteve-Coll Vice-Chancellor of the University of East Anglia?
In the 2016 World Rugby Nations Cup, what was the final score of the match between Namibia and Emerging Italy?
What day, month, and year was David Crombie appointed an Officer of the Order of Canada?
Which Indian agriculture is known as Golden Zest?
Who won the Chilean National Prize for Exact Sciences in 2019?
In feet, what is the maximum depth of Wular Lake?
What date, as in day, month, and year, was Pan Pan's album "Someday Maybe I Won't Mind" released?
In what month and year was the Azad Kashmir Plebiscite Front formed in Muzaffarabad?
On which day, month, and year was the domain "hindustantimes.com" registered?
On what day, month, and year was 3412 Kafka, an asteroid from the inner regions of the asteroid belt, discovered?
In August 2012, what was the address of the First Church of Christ, Scientist that W. V. Grant purchased?
At what age (in years) did Cora Sadosky enter the School of Science at the University of Buenos Aires?
Who was the tenth EGOT (Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, and Tony Awards) winner?
Who was the lead designer of Seiken Densetsu 3?
Who was the rector of Hacettepe University in 2006?
According to the Golden Ticket Awards, which theme park was voted number one for having the best food in 2022?
How many fight wins did the British-American kickboxer Andrew Tate have prior to retiring?
Adil Hussain was the artistic director and trainer of which organization from 2004 to 2007?
What day, month, and year was the album "Beauty Marks" by Ciara released on CD in Japan?
At what school was Leo Strauss working when he died?
What game version was The Dota 2 International 2019 played on?
On October 27, 2016, Dr. Sanduk Ruit received what award from the Asia Society for bringing the gifts of sight and a productive life to those most in need?
In which country is Anisotenes cacotechna found?
What is the name of the individual who was awarded the Camsell Medal in 2012?
What was Augustine George Masih's position just before being appointed as a judge of the Supreme Court of India?
With which notable French plant physiologist did Henri Moissan publish his first scientific paper in 1874?
As of the 2004 ending date of the show, how many times did Lor McQuarrie wear heels in The Weekenders?
From which university did the chemist Allene Rosalind Jeanes obtain a Master's degree in organic chemistry in 1929?
In the show Severance, what year was Kier Eagan born?
In what year was Pablo Casals inducted into the Classical Music Hall of Fame?
Which architect built the Fernández Anchorena Palace?
Which university did Ritesh Batra attend but drop out of?
In which year did the Portuguese explorer Gaspar Corte-Real reach Canada and find the town of Portugal Cove-St. Philip's?
Mathematician Alexander Aitken graduated in 1920 with First Class Honors in what subject?
What was the recorded population of Mykines in 2012?
How many children did gay rights activist Morris Kight have?
What is the population of Port Huron as per the 2020 Census?
In what month and year was Spencer Perceval elected as Chancellor of the Exchequer?
In which year was the municipality of Mutatá, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
How many dollars did Randolph Cook sue Oprah Winfrey for, for blocking a tell-all book about their alleged relationship?
Which valley is known as the "Golden Crown of Kashmir"?
Which contestant from Season 2 of The Bachelor was a former NBA cheerleader?
What is the second song on Side Two of the album Rewind by Johnny Rivers?
What is the name of the project that won the 2014 ACM Software System Award?
What is the name of the zoologist who formally described the brown cuckoo-dove in 1821?
As of 2022, in which years did the Pakistani team not participate in the FIH World Cup?
In which month and year were Google Play services dropped for Android Honeycomb?
In what city was the 2nd ASEM Education Ministers' Meeting held?
According to the last population update in 2010, what is the population of the rural locality of Yepishata in the Klyapovskoye Rural Settlement of Russia?
Who is the first woman officer to be operationally deployed to Kumar Post, Siachen?
Who was awarded the ISCB Accomplishment by a Senior Scientist Award in 2010?
On what day, month, and year was Arthur Laverne Peterson, the American educator, born?
What was the title of the single that Shubh released in 2021 with Irman Thiara?
On what day, month, and year was Raylene Keightley, Judge of the High Court of South Africa, born?
What day, month, and year did the experimental aircraft AirGeep II have its first flight?
Who is the first recipient of the Manohar Parrikar Yuva Scientist Award?
In which season and episode of South Park does Cartman shoot Token?
What day, month, and year was Elisabeth Udolf-Strobl born?
How old was Clint Ballard Jr. when he first played the piano for KTSM, an El Paso radio station?
In the series "The Jeffersons," who called George and Louise "Mr. J" and "Mrs. J"?
What was the first palace in Rome to be erected from the ground up in the new Renaissance style?
What place was Fleabag ranked in The Guardian's 2019 list of the 100 best TV shows of the 21st century?
In which month and year was Bob Rusay dismissed from Cannibal Corpse?
On which day, month, and year was the DS-SAR satellite launched from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre in India?
What's the official motto of the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art?
According to its caption, what are the two languages represented in Figure 3 of the paper 'New Avenues and Challenges in Semantic Map Research'?
On what day, month, and year was a second petition to dissolve the Gordon Heights Fire District in New York filed?
Which scientist received the Penrose Medal the year after Peter R. Vail received his?
Who won the Margaret Oakley Dayhoff Award in 2004?
What Google Sheets formula assigns a name to the value_expression results and returns the result of the formula_expression?
From which date, month, and year to which date, month, and year did the Indian politician N. K. P. Salve serve as the Minister of Power in the Indian government?
At what age did Wiley Lee Griggs III, an American Negro league infielder, die?
What year was the first MBTI manual published?
From which university did the Surgeon General of California, Diana Ramos, earn her bachelor's degree?
Which chief minister ordered the construction of a mosque at the site of a Hindu temple in Jammu in 1986?
In what year did Galip Ulsoy receive the Charles Russ Richards Memorial Award from ASME and Pi Tau Sigma?
Which American chemist was the first female president of the Electrochemical Society?
What day, month, and year was the earliest release of the World of Warcraft: Classic Hardcore official servers?
What time (hours, minutes, and seconds) did Lawrence Whittaker finish in when he won the first Cape Town Cycle Tour, formerly known as the Cape Argus Cycle Tour, in September 1978?
What year was the municipality of Caldas, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
What is the name of track 7 on the "Never More Reincarnation" album for Persona 4?
Who was the first person to be awarded the "Pillar of Peace" Award?
During the 2019 Spring-Summer fashion season, Undercover by Jun Takahashi released a collection with what name?
In what year did Thomas D. Wilson ("Big Tom" Wilson) marry Niagara Ray, the daughter of Amos Ray?
On what day, month, and year was Denys Strekalin, a skater, born?
When using EIS with the Sigma FP, what is my maximum shutter speed?
What was the full name of the first officer of Sosoliso Airlines Flight 1145, which crashed in December 2005?
As of which year did osteoarthritis globally cause moderate to severe disability in 43.4 million people?
In what year did the Pittsburgh Bankers of the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League sign William Hodgson "Hod" Stuart to a professional contract?
In which year did Dina Nath Walli (an Indian watercolor artist and poet from Srinagar City) receive the AIFACS Veteran Artist Award?
In which month and year did the mechanical engineer Zhang Xiang begin serving as the 16th and current president and vice-chancellor of the University of Hong Kong?
What is the other name of the "Nallah Mar or Mar Canal" of Srinagar, Kashmir?
What day, month, and year was the first ride on the White Mountain Central Railroad in New Hampshire?
Who did Ken Kesey father Sunshine Kesey with?
What month and year did a team of scientists publish a study of a skeleton found in Bragança, northeastern Portugal, of a man who died around 1000 AD and was discovered to have a 47,XXY karyotype?
In what month did the New Zealand authorities officially end the search for the vintage yacht Niña, which disappeared while traveling across the Tasman Sea in 2013?
What is the name of Nepal's first technical university that offers agricultural workforce development?
In what year was Elliott Fitch Shepard nominated for United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York by President Rutherford B. Hayes?
What year was the first SoCal Sword Fight tournament held?
In which stadium was the IPL 2015 20th match played?
What primary school did Dua Lipa attend before moving to Kosovo with her family?
In which month of 1968 was the OV1-13 spacecraft launched?
In what town is the farm where Frank Beamer grew up located?
How many sons did Nathan Mendelsohn and his wife, Helen, have?
How many wishes does the djinn give to Nandor in Season 4 of What We Do in the Shadows?
In what year did Teleri Bevan move from Deputy Head of Programs to Head of Programs for BBC Wales?
As of 2022, what character (first and last name) was Dog's original owner on The Walking Dead TV series?
What female disc jockey sued the Maryland Racing Commission for the right to be granted a license in 1968?
In what year did Ruth Sager receive the Gilbert Morgan Smith Medal?
What is the developmental code name for danavorexton, a selective orexin 2 receptor agonist?
Where was the first Battle of the Nations tournament held?
On which day, month, and year was the paper "Tissue Engineering: The Challenges Ahead" by Robert Langer published?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Chemical Industry Medal, an annual American award given to an industrial chemist by the Society of Chemical Industry America in 1984?
On which day, month, and year did Ranjana Desai retire as a judge of the Supreme Court of India?
What is the name of the British physicist who won the Kohn Award in 2006 for engaging the public with science?
What was the occupation of Harry Belafonte's mother?
What was the first and last name of the fifth director of the Metropolitan Museum of Art?
What were the month and year when Google hosted a hacking contest aimed at computer security experts called "Pwnium"?
In what year did John Ralph Ragazzini receive the Rufus Oldenburger Medal?
In Season 8, Episode 1 of "Girlfriends," what expensive thing does Joan buy that makes her fiancé upset?
What year was the municipality of Ramiriquí, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
Who is the recipient of the 2020 ACM Eugene L. Lawler Award?
What was the Hampstead, London, street address of art collector Margaret Gardiner's home?
What was the true vertical depth in meters at which hydrocarbons were encountered in the Eban-1X well?
In which city did Pakistan hockey’s icon Brig. (r) Abdul Hamid Hamidi take his last breath?
What is the third vampire number in recreational mathematics?
Who was awarded the V. M. Goldschmidt Award in 2015?
Who was awarded the John J. Carty Award for the Advancement of Science in 1994?
What is the name and surname of the late celebrity chef Fatima Sydow's birth mother?
What year did Glamour Magazine first name Zanele Muholi 'Campaigner of the Year'?
On what day, month, and year was the Mediumwave transmitter Lopik, a medium-wave broadcasting facility near Lopik in the Netherlands, closed down?
What were Eddie Gluskin's last words in the Whistleblower DLC for the 2013 video game Outlast?
What were the first and last names of the Cunningham Dance Foundation's first executive director?
What is the name of the small town near which the Douglas C-47A ZS-EJK, operated by Comair Ltd, crashed into a mountain in October 1982?
In which stadium did Die Ärzte play on New Year's Eve 2006?
In what year was the Sing Sing Correctional Facility accredited for the first time?
What year was the municipality of Venecia, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
In which state of the U.S. was Michael John Creutz born in 1944?
In what year was Philippe Flajolet awarded the Grand Prix Scientifique by the Union des Assurances de Paris?
On what day, month, and year did the United Nations Security Council pass its first resolution on Kashmir?
What is the name of Nobita Nobi's paternal grandfather?
In what year was the Noetic Learning Math Contest founded by Li Kelty?
What style are the roofs of the ten buildings at the Wasyl Negrych Homestead?
In what month and year did Eric Xing join the Mohamed bin Zayed University of Artificial Intelligence?
Who is the Japanese voice actor for Jusis Albarea in "Trails of Cold Steel 1"?
In what patch was the classic version Shaman class ability Totemic Focus removed in World of Warcraft?
Who was the chief guest of the first convocation of Indira Gandhi National Open University, New Delhi, held in 1989?
On which day, month, and year did the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways (MoRTH), Government of India, promulgate the Green Highways (Plantations, Transplantations, Beautification and Maintenance) Policy – 2015?
In which year was Alexandra Park declared a local nature reserve?
What's the first typhoon of the 2019 Pacific typhoon season called?
What year did the University of Michigan begin development of the MICRO Information Management System based on D.L. Childs' Set-Theoretic Data model?
How many competitors did Italy bring to the 1964 Winter Olympics? How many of them were male and female?
At what age did Enzo Ferrari (founder of Ferrari) decide to pursue racing?
Who won Season 2 Snatch Game on RPDR?
Solanum albidum grows dull yellow berries that are between 0.31 inches and what inches in diameter?
In what year was Alexej von Jawlensky expelled from Germany?
What is the middle name of Motaz Azaiza, Palestinian journalist?
Where is the heart of a shrimp located?
What is the name of Vivienne Westwood's Spring/Summer 1982 collection?
Who was Bullard Mountain named after in the Boundary Ranges in Alaska?
What year was Kara Walker elected to be an Honorary Royal Academician at the Royal Academy of Arts in London?
Who are the two authors who wrote the review paper "Infant sleep disturbance: Description of a problem behavior process," published in Volume 3, Number 4 of Sleep Medicine Reviews in 1999?
What year did the Gaspy app launch in New Zealand?
On what day, month, and year did Florence Farmer, a pioneer of women in politics in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, England, die?
In which year was the municipality of Santa Bárbara, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
On what day, month, and year was Man O' War's sire born?
What was the name of the governor in Kashmir Valley who was appointed after the resignation of Dr. Farooq Abdullah?
What year was the municipality of Betulia, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
What was the name of the architect who designed the Mather-Walls House (built in 1889) in Kenora?
In which year was George Nathaniel Curzon, 1st Marquess Curzon of Kedleston, elected to the House of Lords?
How many additional dollars did Carmen and Natalie borrow from their uncle Cicero in Season 2 of The Bear?
What year did Chiharu Shiota introduce "House of Windows"?
What was the name of the school where S. M. Krishna, an Indian politician, finished his high school education?
What is the soul price of the Short Spear sold by the Dregling Merchant in Demon's Souls (2009)?
What city and country was Ange Postecoglou's place of birth?
Give the names of two sisters of Mukul Chandra Dey, a Bengali artist.
On what day, month, and year was David William Sayer, an English cricketer, born?
In which year was the municipality of Boavita, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
In which version of React was the switch from using the id attribute to data-reactid to track DOM nodes implemented?
In the 2012 research paper titled "Multiplication of EEG Samples through Replicating, Biasing, and Overlapping" by Adham Atyabi et al., at what frequency was the EEG dataset sampled, in hertz (Hz)?
Haddo House, designed by William Adam, contains a collection of 85 paintings by which artist?
In what city was the Tunisian-born Italian American mathematician Adriano Mario Garsia born?
In Supergiant's 2014 game Transistor, you can view an invitation on an OVC terminal in Goldwalk Promenade to Cloudbank's 67th Annual Fashion Week posted on 06-25-67 at 15:48 by which character?
Who did the International Photography Awards of 2020 give the Deeper Perspective Photographer of the Year Award to?
Which year was Bob Marley's home converted into a museum?
What are the day, month, and year of the first football game in which Virginia Tech beat Alabama?
What is the title of Episode 3 in Season 3 of Airwolf, aired in 1985?
In Season 16 of The Bachelor, which contestant quit?
Who was the 4th Indian president to be elected after independence from British rule?
Tao Kurihara's first collection was presented in Paris during which fashion season?
What is the name and length of the 12th song on the original Kingdom Hearts I soundtrack?
How many children did Gilbert Hani and Mary Hani have?
What patch removed the Shaman ability Searing Totem from the game in World of Warcraft?
In what year was Ludwig Bieberbach, the German mathematician best known for his conjecture on holomorphic functions, appointed professor of mathematics in Basel?
Who was the first principal of Brihaspati Vidyasadan, a school in Kathmandu, Nepal, established in 1985?
What year was the municipality of Amalfi, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
In the TV series Modern Family, in Season 4, Episode 23, which sport is Lily competing in?
In what city was the mathematician Enrico D'Ovidio born?
How many children did Hank Williams have?
How many seats did the Intransigent Party get at the 1983 Argentine general election?
Who formally approved the Jubilee Field Phase 1 Development Plan and Unitisation Agreement in July 2009? Just name the office of the person.
Who was awarded the Stampacchia Gold Medal in 2012?
What was the day, month, and year when BSNL (Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited) launched "BSNL Wings Services" in 22 telecom circles, in which there is no need for a SIM card or cable wiring as it is a VoIP (Voice Over Internet Protocol) service through an app throughout India?
According to the 2021 rules of Battle of the Nations, how many rounds does each longsword duel last?
In what month and year was Nikolai Talyzin dismissed from Nikolai Ryzhkov's government, along with many other conservatives, during the period of perestroika?
What month, day, and year did President Sukarno deliver his "To Build the World Anew" speech?
What is the effective total pixel count of my Sigma DP1 Quattro?
Who was Savannah Churchill's first husband?
In what year did Stepan Prokopovich Timoshenko receive the Worcester Reed Warner Medal?
In which year did Dina Nath Walli (an Indian watercolor artist and poet from Srinagar city) return to Srinagar, where he concentrated on landscape painting in watercolors?
What is the fuselage length of the Bell 430 rotorcraft in meters?
What is the first name of the individual who won the Marlow Medal and Prize, an early-career award in physical chemistry given by the Royal Society of Chemistry, in 1975?
During which of his three tenures in the National Assembly of Pakistan did Makhdum Khusro Bakhtyar (Pakistani politician) serve as the Minister of State for Foreign Affairs?
What was the title of Episode 12, Season 3 of Airwolf?
What is the first line in Mariah Carey's "Hero" song?
Who carved the headstone for Edward Frank Willis James?
What was the hexadecimal assigned to the Crayola color known as "Lemon Yellow"?
What are the names of the children of Princess Shruti Rajya Lakshmi Devi Shah and Kumar Gorakh Shumsher Jang Bahadur Rana of Nepal?
Who publicly demonstrated a face-matching system in 1970 that located anatomical features and calculated the distance ratio between facial features without human intervention?
Since what year has Jennifer Widom been a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM)?
When diver Vicki Manalo joined the swimming program at the Crystal Plunge in North Beach, San Francisco, CA, what were the first and last names of the man assigned as her coach?
Name the artist and radio broadcaster of Srinagar, Kashmir, who represented India in the 2002 International Exhibition of Quranic Paintings in Iran.
At which University of Puerto Rico campus did New York State Representative Nydia Velázquez work as a professor from 1976 to 1981?
In what city did Anselm Kiefer present his first exhibition?
Which Aseprite version had the patch note: "Added option to enable the 'Snap to Grid' option for the brush preview #4137"?
In which month and year did photographer Mr. Elbank first include a photo of Harnaam Kaur in his exhibit at Somerset House in London?
Who is the composer of the song "Silver Will" from the Trails in the Sky FC soundtrack?
In feet, what is the draft length of the Goderich 35 fitted with a standard keel?
From which college did American politician Ellen M. Bard graduate in 1971?
Who designed the parish rectory Claverleigh in Creemore?
Who received the Roebling Medal the year after Alexandra Navrotsky received hers?
What other two sports is Johnny Damon known for playing in high school other than baseball?
What is the first and last name of the first female television meteorologist in the U.S.?
In 1992, with whom did Monica Lewinsky have a five-year affair?
During what year was Shirin Neshat given the "Visual Art Award" from the Edinburgh International Film Festival for the first time?
In 1955, what university published Kato's notes "Quadratic Forms in Hilbert Spaces and Asymptotic Perturbation Series"?
Which company launched India’s first commercial MCU chip?
How many years did Magen Fieramusca receive for killing Heidi Broussard?
Who was known for playing the trombone for The Jazzmen at the time of Kenny Ball's death?
In what year did the Colombian mathematician José Fernando Escobar become a full professor at Cornell University?
What month and year did the Stingray Bay open at Kelly Tarlton's Sea Life Aquarium in Auckland, New Zealand?
What quote did Dr. Richard Trager say to Miles Upshur while opening the elevator door right before he died in the 2013 video game Outlast?
Who composed a popular Kashmiri song titled "Rah Bakshtam?"
On what month, day, and year did D.C. Reeves announce his candidacy for the 2022 mayoral election in Pensacola?
In what grade was the model and actress Hunter Schafer diagnosed with gender dysphoria?
How many total steps go to the top of the lighthouse in Genoa, Italy?
What month and year did inmate Porfirio Duarte-Herrera escape from a medium-security Nevada prison without anyone noticing for four days?
What was the name of Iris Litt's direct predecessor as director of the Clayman Institute for Gender Research?
Who taught Cab Calloway how to sing in the scat style?
What is the third ionization energy of molybdenum in kilojoules per mole?
Who produced "Giblet Gravy," George Benson's fourth album?
From which university did W. Gary Ernst receive his Ph.D.?
In which year did Ghana's former Minister of Finance, Kwadwo Baah-Wiredu, proceed to the University of Ghana?
Name the person who won the Aryabhata Award in the year 2004.
What is the name of the multituberculate mammal of early Paleocene (Puercan 3) age from the Western Interior of North America, discovered in 2021 in Denver Basin, Colorado?
What was the first historically Black college to be accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools?
On Feb. 12, 2018, in what city was Dua Lipa performing when she raised a rainbow flag?
What was the 2014 Word of the Year according to the American Dialect Society?
In which village was the victim of the 2019 Hyderabad gang rape and murder case working as a veterinary assistant surgeon at the state-run hospital?
In what round did Taylor Fritz beat Radu Albot in the 2020 French Open – Men's Singles?
What is the length of the Pakistani band Jal's album "Aadat" released in 2004, in minutes and seconds?
What is the full name of the individual who shared the 1990 Wolf Prize with Ilya Iosifovich Piatetski-Shapiro?
In the British series Happy Valley, Season 2, who jumps off a bridge to their death?
Undercover's first Paris runway show was named what?
What is the full name of the individual who cheated in the Comrades Marathon in 1993?
In which month and year did the IUCN Red List formally update the status of the Chinese paddlefish to "extinct"?
What is the first and last name of the professor who received the Royal Society of Chemistry Bader Award in 2021?
What team finished with the least amount of points in the 2016 World Rugby Nations Cup?
Who won the 2006 SIGPLAN Doctoral Dissertation Award?
Who did Dan Dhanoa, the Indian actor and sailor in the Merchant Navy, marry in 1986?
In which year did Bruno Kreisky (an Austrian social democratic politician) return to Vienna, where Federal President Theodor Körner appointed him Assistant Chief of Staff and political adviser?
What university awarded the statistician Adrian Smith an honorary Doctorate of Science in 2011?
What is the name of the man who discovered 37 of the 75 non-prismatic uniform polyhedra in 1878?
What was the first and last name of the person who was the final musical advisor at the Merce Cunningham Dance Company?
Who killed the second Invisible Hood?
In which episode and season of South Park is Craig's first appearance? Give me the number and title.
Who was the voice of Colonel Drucker in the Medal of Honor (2010) video game?
What is the third largest island in the Mediterranean?
Between 1867 and 1874, how many mayors of Toronto were appointed by the City Council?
What object did Helly use to attempt suicide in Season 1, Episode 4 of Severance?
Which Indian cricketer has been appointed UNICEF and Cricket for Good Ambassador for the ICC Women’s World Cup 2017?
Which scientist received the Penrose Medal after the year Robert Dean Hatcher Jr. received his?
Within plus or minus one minute, when did Rober Pier receive a yellow card in the La Liga match between Levante and Real Sociedad on May 6, 2022?
Who won the Kalinga Prize for the Popularization of Science in 1987?
In what year was American chemist Eger Vaughan Murphree awarded the Industrial Research Institute Medal?
Which day, month, and year did the series Human Planet first premiere on Discovery en Español?
In 2022, what was the population of the Kızılağaç district of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey?
In the primary setting of the Starfinder tabletop RPG, what is the title given to the planet Triaxus due to its extreme orbit?
What is the name of the district with the Regional Transport Office (RTO) code SK-07 in Sikkim, India?
In which year was Prof. H. U. Hamidi appointed as Vice Chancellor of the University of Kashmir?
What is the new baseline set in bytes after Alexander Ratushnyak won the first time the Hutter Prize was awarded in 2006?
In which year was the Castlebridge Gospel Choir in Ireland founded?
In which year was the Indian politician S. Chellapandian appointed as Speaker of the Madras Legislative Assembly?
What was the name of the newspaper that reported the first recorded cricket match between women, held in Surrey, England, on July 26, 1745?
Name the largest doab in India.
In which year did Giovanni Baschenis, an Italian painter, die?
In what year did Hjalmar Hvam invent a mechanism that allowed skiing athletes to release the binding that secured their shoes to the boards in case of an emergency after his first injury?
Which school was Frank Beamer's first coaching job?
In which month of 1996 did Puntsagiin Jasrai's tenure as Prime Minister of Mongolia end?
What is the name of the campus where Princess Shruti Rajya Lakshmi Devi Shah completed her bachelor's degree?
Which soldier was conferred with the "Points of Light Honour" by British Prime Minister Rishi Sunak?
What year was Fiordland College in New Zealand established?
What is the name of track 12 on the Jet Set Radio original soundtrack released in 2000?
What month, day, and year did Ciara perform in Tampa for her Jackie Tour?
How many families were living in Weston, Ohio, as of the 2000 Census?
From what year to what year did Billene Seyoum Woldeyes serve as the Deputy Training Lead at the Institute of Peace and Security Studies - Africa Peace and Security Program in Addis Ababa?
What was the title of the piece of art that was sold in 2016 by a popular American talk show host to an unidentified buyer in China?
Who died without naming a successor, which led to a war of succession in 370 BC?
What high school did RuPaul Charles attend in California?
In which month and year was Indira Sundaram, the younger sister of Amrita Sher-Gil (a Hungarian-Indian painter), born?
What was the total revenue in dollars of the 2018 "Reputation Stadium Tour" by the singer Taylor Swift that happened in New Zealand?
In which year did John B. Goodenough receive the Welch Award in Chemistry?
Which Chinese president was nicknamed "Mr. Democracy?"
The Republican Party of South Carolina was co-founded by which African American in 1867?
How many children did Ernest Moloto and Ellen Kuzwayo have?
How many birthdays did "Granny D" Haddock have during her famous cross-country walk that began in California in 1999?
What were the names of Sir William Beechey's (British portraitist) parents?
Who was the director responsible for the core web search algorithms from 2002 to 2005 at Google Inc.?
What were the month, day, and year Anne Morgan was first styled Baroness Hunsdon?
Name the initiative launched in favor of the dying craft of Rafoogari.
Which university conducted the 2010 study that suggested cloud seeding with materials like silver iodide and frozen carbon dioxide had little impact on precipitation?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Ludwig Mond Award in 2008?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Faraday Medal, awarded by the Electrochemistry Group of the Royal Society of Chemistry in 1999?
In what creature were Gabriel's memories stored during Good Omens Season 2?
Who received the title of Ulugh Khan for defeating the Mongols?
On September 1, 1900, James Marshall, a resident of what city, filed a patent for a light, comfortable, and sanitary mattress with a filling composed of multiple coil springs, each contained in a pocket of flexible material arranged side by side to fill the mattress?
In what month and year did Pan-Atlantic University launch the Virtual Museum of Modern Nigerian Art?
What was Judy Reyes' character's name in S1 E6 of "New York Undercover"?
What is the name of the award that El Anatsui won in 1995 in Japan?
What day, month, and year was Osvaldo Fattoruso, the Uruguayan musician, born?
How many busts of Pope Paul V did Gian Lorenzo Bernini make?
Who was the governor of Assam from 16 February 1949 to 27 May 1949?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Bader Award for Organic Chemistry in 2000?
Which high school did the former Archbishop of Cape Town, Njongonkulu Winston Hugh Ndungane, attend when he completed his schooling in December 1958?
In what month and year did the Society of Illustrators purchase 128 East 63rd Street, New York, NY?
What patch changed the required amount of titanium ore to make a titanium bar from 5 to 4 in Terraria?
When did BAe and the American aircraft manufacturer McDonnell Douglas sign a memorandum of understanding regarding the McDonnell Douglas AV-8B Harrier II? Example answer: mm-yyyy
What song is the third track on Anne-Marie's album, "Therapy"?
How many candidates entered their work in the Prix de Rome in the engraving category in 1805?
What is written on the right side of the cover art for the Dylan album Planet Waves?
Odisha’s longest road bridge, “Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose Setu,” has been built over which tributary of the Mahanadi River?
On what month, day, and year was the 1976 case of Estelle v. Gamble decided by the Supreme Court of the United States?
What month and year did Michael Johnson (the sprinter) suffer a stroke?
What single item is Max, the resin gnome sculpture designed by Tom Clark at Cairn Studio in 1985 (Item #1090), holding in his left hand?
How old was Shanice when she appeared in a commercial with Ella Fitzgerald?
In years, how old was Henryk Rolirad when he was adopted?
On 5 February 2022, in the rugby match between Romania and Russia that was part of the 2022 Rugby Europe Championship, how many tries did Romania have?
Which public relations expert of the Houston Chronicle made the statement "There was never a question in anyone’s mind as to who was really running things when Ma was governor"?
Who holds the record for the fastest marathon dressed as an elf (male), with a time of 2 hours, 58 minutes, and 16 seconds, achieved at the 2017 Virgin Money London Marathon in London, UK, on April 23, 2017?
In which episode and season of South Park does Aunt Jemima first appear? Give me the number and title.
In which season and episode of Breaking Bad does Gus confront a sniper?
What year was the municipality of Hispania, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
What is the title of the second YouTube video ever uploaded?
From which college did research scientist Gloria Hollister earn her Bachelor of Science degree?
What day, month, and year did the Christchurch, New Zealand, real estate agent Yanfei Bao go missing?
The statue of Efraín González Luna is installed in which Mexican state?
Who won the Eddington Medal in 1953?
What player was exempt from being blocked in Episode 10 of Season 3 of the American version of "The Circle"?
Who was the recipient of the 2017 Erdős–Rényi Prize?
Which animal is 30 times more likely to get hit by lightning than a human?
What is the name of the world's first solid titanium watch?
What year was the municipality of Sativasur, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
What statistical environment was used to analyze the data in the paper "Identifying Semantic Role Clusters and Alignment Types via Microrole Coexpression Tendencies"?
During what year's national AAU championships did divers Vicki Draves (then Manalo) and Sammy Lee become friends?
What type of work did the character Sabrina Costelana Newman's father from "The Young and the Restless" series do?
Which was the first smoke-free state of India by abandoning traditional ways of cooking?
What month and year was the then Indian Punjab Tourism Minister Navjot Singh Sidhu informed about the plan to open the Dera Baba Nanak–Kartarpur corridor on Guru Nanak's 550th birth anniversary?
Who is the father of Jérôme Sabourin, the Canadian cinematographer?
What record label produced Avenger's 1985 EP containing the song "Down to the Bone"?
Who was the first Chief Minister of the State of Jammu and Kashmir?
Until which class/grade did Elliot Page attend the Halifax Grammar School?
In what year was the praying mantis species Eremiaphila braueri described by Krauss?
As of the latest official population estimate in 2015 for the town of Szentes in southeastern Hungary, what is the total population?
On what day, month, and year did the physicist and chemist Katharine Burr Blodgett issue the U.S. patent for "Step Gauge for Measuring Thickness of Thin Films"?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Gibson-Fawcett Award in 2020?
In which year was the municipality of Uramita, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
In what month and year did Imagineering premiere a traveling attraction called Disney Fair?
What was the day, month, and year in which the L and L Building was added to the National Register of Historic Places?
What was the final score between Olga Kharlan and Kim Ji-yeon at the 2013 World Championships?
What was the first record label to sign Third Day?
Which academic publisher published the paper "On Two Mathematical Representations for Semantic Maps"?
In what country did Richard Serra create his first outdoor sculptures?
Who kills Daryl Garrs in Happy Valley?
In what year did Pipilotti Rist receive the 'Renta Preis of the Kunsthalle Nürnberg' for the first time?
Who portrayed Jessica Simpson in Snatch Game (RuPaul's Drag Race, Season 4, Episode 5)?
What is the full name of the winner of the Space Flight Award in 2005?
According to "The United Nations World Water Development Report 2022: Groundwater: Making the Invisible Visible," how many oases are documented in the Sahara and Arabian Oases Atlas?
How many stolen vehicles were recovered in Nigeria by the Nigerian Police Force between 2002 and 2004, when Mustafa Adebayo Balogun was Nigeria's Inspector General of Police?
What was the name of the establishment that opened at 653 Broadway in NYC in 1975?
In which year did Albertina Sisulu retire from politics?
What was the name of Lord Takeru's partner in the 2019 video game Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice?
What were the two great masterpieces completed by Carl Friedrich Gauss as a private scholar?
What day, month, and year did Gilles de Rais confess to his crimes?
From what country were the referee, touch judges, and television match official in the rugby match between Spain and Romania that was part of the 2022 Rugby Europe Championship on 27 February 2022?
On what day, month, and year was Masaki Tsuji born?
What is the scientific name of the first reported sexually dichromatic snake from the Indian subcontinent?
What were the day, month, and year when the European Court of Human Rights ruled in favor of Carola van Kück, a German trans woman whose insurance company denied her reimbursement for sex reassignment surgery as well as hormone replacement therapy?
Which fashion season did Undercover release their "CREEP VERY" collection?
At which art school was Will Hicok Low an instructor in 1890?
What was the population of the town of Lesbury in Northumberland, England in the 2011 census?
What queen from RPDR is known for saying "party" as a reply to things?
In what city was the 1st ASEM Education Ministers' Meeting held?
What is the color of the boy's hair depicted in the illustration "Backfence Graffiti" by Norman Rockwell?
In which year did Syed Ali Shah Geelani, a separatist leader of Kashmir, replace Maulvi Umer Farooq as chairman of the All Parties Hurriyat Conference in Kashmir?
Who causes Gregor's death in What We Do in the Shadows?
According to the 2012 municipal census, how many people live in Shawnee Slopes?
In what year did Ruth Wilson Gilmore receive the Angela Y. Davis Prize for Public Scholarship?
On what date did the episode "Why Does Evil Exist?" from that famous documentary about God air, including month, day, and year?
Who was awarded the 1998 Gödel Prize for an outstanding journal article in the area of theoretical computer science for the paper "PP is as Hard as the Polynomial-Time Hierarchy"?
What is the name of the man who designed the aircraft Embraer EMB 110 Bandeirante?
What month, day, and year was William Aloysius "Bil" Keane's first cartoon published?
In which year was Stefan Parkman, the conductor, awarded the Order of the Dannebrog?
What type of gun did Kaitlin Armstrong use to kill Moriah Wilson?
Which American YouTuber hosted the 11th Streamy Awards broadcast on YouTube on December 11, 2021, along with Issa Twaimz?
What year was Oliver Heaviside awarded the Faraday Medal?
What is the judicial title of the person who was appointed as Chairman of the Scottish Law Commission on January 1, 2014, for a period of five years until December 31, 2018?
Which river flows through the Seshachalam forest?
On what day, month, and year was Christopher Ndarathi Murungaru, a former Kenyan politician, born?
When Donjuan Triumphant began his career as a breeding stallion in 2020, his stud fee was set at how many Euros?
What is the title of the tenth track on the album "Now is the Time" by South African singer Brenda Fassie, which was released in August 1996?
In which village is Bab Reshi Shrine located in Jammu & Kashmir?
For how many centuries did Hindu dynasties rule Kashmir?
What's the caption of Figure 5 of the paper "Semantic Maps of Causation: New Hybrid Approaches Based on Corpora and Grammar Descriptions" by Levshina 2022?
What is the elevation in feet of Apharwat Peak in Gulmarg?
How many people were killed when a tractor-trolley returning from a temple fell into a pond in Kanpur on October 2, 2022?
What is the surname of the person who first discovered the blood-sucking bug Triatoma carrioni?
How many tons was the topsail schooner "Lisette," built in 1873, which the Duke of Sutherland had formerly owned before she began working as a decoy craft in 1917?
What day, month, and year did New Zealand's Prime Minister, Christopher Luxon, marry his wife Amanda?
Why was Bessie Smith dismissed from Black Swan Records during auditions?
What was the title of the journal that Charles Raymond Perrault served as co-editor-in-chief of from 2001 to 2010?
Who was named the new editor-in-chief of The Manila Bulletin in May 2021, succeeding Dr. Crispulo Icban?
In which country was Joanna the Mad betrothed?
How old was Montreal native Charles Whitlaw in 1846 when he bought a grist mill on Grand River Street from Robert Kirkwood in Paris, Ontario?
What's the population of Özbek, Şabanözü according to the 2021 census?
What is the forest cover area of Assam in square kilometers according to the India State of Forest Report 2019?
In what year was the Kingston Symphony Association, a Canadian arts organization, formed?
What is the name of the village where Rolf Zurbrügg, the Swiss ski mountaineer, was born?
Which hospital was Harry Belafonte born in?
In which district is the Draj Bridge located?
In what year did "Drawings and Prints" become its own department within the Pierpont Morgan Library?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Victor A. Prather Award in 1992?
Who was the first-ever personality to hoist the Indian National Flag in the Metaverse at the 'Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav' Metaverse event in 2022?
What is the name of the performance Marina Abramović and Uwe Laysiepen performed in 1976?
What is the name of the record label that American music producer George Avakian helped form in 1958?
Which IIT (Indian Institute of Technology) in India installed the first supercomputer?
What was the full birth name of American activist and writer Yolo Akili?
How many spectators filled the Olympic Stadium during the opening ceremony of the Helsinki Olympics in 1952?
Who did Richard Neutra design the Elkay Apartments for?
How many men competed in fencing during the 1964 Summer Olympics?
What is the name of May Roosevelt's third album?
Which three American cities' police departments were visited by Mustafa Adebayo Balogun, Nigeria's former Inspector General of Police, and his five-man delegation to study their implementation of community policing?
In which year did Sayed Haider Raza's (an Indian painter) mother die?
What is the abbreviated name of the launch vehicle along with its mission or flight number used for carrying the DS-EO satellite, launched from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre in India in 2022?
In what year did Norodom Ranariddh become Secretary-General of FUNCINPEC?
What was Machine Girl's first soundtrack?
What material was Janine Antoni's 2014 artwork "Behold" made of?
In what year was the Compact of Free Association approved by plebiscites in the Marshall Islands and Micronesia, and by the U.S. Congress?
Who was the first Tunisian president to be elected by universal suffrage after the 2011 revolution?
According to the 14th report of the State Entomologist on injurious and other insects of NY from 1898, what is "undoubtedly" the favorite food of the apple-tree tent caterpillar?
Provide the month and year Gazprom became an official partner of FIFA tournaments from 2015 to 2018. The contract included the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.
Who was the Brazilian Vice-President of the International Mathematical Union in 2012?
What was the year when Vikram S. Buddhi was sentenced to prison?
What is the altitude in meters above sea level of Tikti Mach'ay Mountain?
What was the gun time to the hour, minute, and second that Justin Kemboi Chesire finished in the Old Mutual 56km Ultra Two Oceans Marathon in 2019?
What body of water located near the Blue Ridge Parkway is known as "the River of Many Cliffs" by the Cherokee?
What are the names of the parents of King Girvan Yuddha Bikram Shah?
What is the name of the ballet Valery Matveevich Panov created for the Istanbul Devlet Ballet in 1988?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Robert Boyle Prize for Analytical Science, formerly called the Boyle Medal, in 2004?
What year did Ollie Johnston sell his locomotive named Marie E.?
Who was Savannah Churchill's second husband?
The Visvim FBT's name is influenced by the name of what music group?
Who played Khalib in Season 6 of Moesha?
As of the 2020 census, what was the population of Weston, Ohio?
On what day, month, and year was Chanie Rosenberg, a South African-born artist, born?
What is the name of the archipelago where Aniol Serrasolses kayaked down the biggest ever recorded glacial waterfall for the first time?
In what year was engineer Evi Nemeth a Distinguished Engineering Honoree at CU Boulder?
What year did Nikolai Talyzin move to the post of head of the Bureau for Social Development after facing strong criticism?
In what month and year did American music producer George Avakian leave Columbia Records?
What was the voter turnout percentage for the second round of the 1965 French presidential election?
India’s first-ever micro drama festival “Thespis” started in which city?
What day, month, and year did the patch from The Burning Crusade expansion of World of Warcraft reduce the cooldown of Crusader Strike from 10 to 6 seconds?
According to the 2010 United States Census, what was the total reported Asian population of Downey, California, in 2010?
What was the word of the 20th century according to the American Dialect Society?
On what day, month, and year was Juan Nogueira, Brazilian amateur heavyweight boxer, born?
During what year did Pipilotti Rist receive the Premio 2000 prize?
Who was the 2nd chairman of the Senate of Pakistan?
In which year did Richard Huemer, an American animator, join the Fleischer Studio?
Who did the boxer Jackson Asiku lose to at the Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia in 2000?
Who is the only French player who received a wildcard entry in the women's singles at the 2019 Australian Open?
What was the number of recorded injuries in the Weesp train disaster of 1918 in the Netherlands?
Who founded the municipality of Santo Domingo, Antioquia, Colombia?
The Château style originated in Québec in the early 1880s under which architect?
What was the first and last name of Daniel Boone's younger brother born on October 5, 1744?
Who got the first position in the Rotax Micro Max season 2017 in India?
What is the surname of the individual who won the RSC Supramolecular Chemistry Award in 2016?
In which country did Grace Naledi Mandisa Pandor complete her high school?
What is the month, day, and year that the United States removed Eritrea from the "Counterterror Non-Cooperation List"?
What Canadian did Louis-Philippe Hébert create a sculpture of that was first displayed at the Universal Exposition in Paris in 1900 and then erected on Parliament Hill in Ottawa in 1901?
In which year did Clint Ballard Jr. adopt the alias Buddy Clinton to cut a two-sided single?
In Season 2 of Dexter, who catches Dexter while trying to dispose of his mother's killer's remains?
What day, month, and year did Edward Ambrose Hug, the American Major League Baseball catcher, pass away?
Kos of the Dorian Pentapolis produced coinage featuring variations of which two images?
In which year, month, and day was the Nokia 8110 announced?
What store did Fresh Cut Grass get their blue leather duster from while in Uthodurn during Critical Role's Campaign 3?
On what day, month, and year did Vladas Mironas, who was the 14th Prime Minister of Lithuania, take office?
In the match between Spain and the Netherlands, which was played on February 5, 2022, as part of the 2022 Rugby Europe Championship, how many points did the Netherlands score?
What day, month, and year was the soundtrack album "Mario Kart 64 Greatest Hits" released in the United States?
In *Dexter* Season 5, Episode 4, who said, "My mother told me when I was just a little girl, 'Never lie to someone who trusts you. Never trust someone who lies to you.'"?
What minor planet designation number was originally assigned to the asteroid 176 Iduna?
In what year did Teleri Bevan become the deputy head of programs for BBC Wales?
Which mathematician received the Carl Friedrich Gauss Prize in 2006?
On her Jay-Z & Ciara Live concert tour, in what city, town, or village did Ciara perform on July 10, 2009?
What Serbian player played in the quarterfinals of the 2018 Madrid Open men's singles?
Who was the first transgender person in Argentina to get her name and gender on her government-issued ID legally changed?
On what day, month, and year did President Gustavo Petro receive the President of Switzerland, Alain Berset, at the Casa de Nariño, where they signed an agreement to safeguard the fund, a digital copy of the documentary collection of the Commission for the Clarification of the Truth, in Switzerland?
What were the year and month when the Contract Law of the People's Republic of China was abolished?
Who is credited with the binomial name of the yellowfin sole?
In which year was Kim Thompson awarded the Inkpot Award?
In which year did Ratan Parimoo (an Indian art historian from Kashmir) win first prize in Painting, Annual Exhibition, J & K Cultural Akademi?
In what state did Henry R. Luce, co-founder of Time Inc. and creator of TIME, LIFE, Fortune, and Sports Illustrated, first meet Reverend Billy Graham?
In what year was Natalia Dmitriyevna Shpiller awarded the Lenin Prize?
What language is represented in Figure 4 of the text 'Generating Semantic Maps through Multidimensional Scaling: Linguistic Applications and Theory'?
What month, day, and year was a monument in memoriam of the patients interred on the old Cherry Hospital campus dedicated?
What is the month, day, and year Kaitlin Armstrong pleaded not guilty to the murder charge of Moriah Wilson and was arraigned?
What was the name of the new curriculum model that Randolph College launched in 2021, which changed the number of classes taken per term for students?
What year did Nicholas Biwott, a Kenyan politician, return to the University of Melbourne to study for a master's degree in economics under a Commonwealth scholarship?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Perkin Medal, an award given annually by the Society of Chemical Industry (American Section) to a scientist residing in America for an "innovation in applied chemistry resulting in outstanding commercial development," in 1918?
Who was the 9th Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir?
Which day, month, and year did former Vice President of Ghana Kow Nkensen Arkaah die?
In which city was Yevgeny Polivanov arrested on August 16, 1937, during the Great Purge?
What was the first year Whig politician James Vernon the Younger acted as an envoy to Denmark?
In what year was Ludvig Faddeev awarded his candidate's degree for his thesis "Properties of S-Matrix for the Scattering on a Local Potential"?
What was the science of architecture and civil construction known as in ancient India?
What day, month, and year was an exhibition of Horiyoshi's silk scroll paintings, "The Art of Horiyoshi III," first displayed at Somerset House?
Anselm Kiefer had his first solo exhibition at the Neue Nationalgalerie in Berlin in what year?
Can you provide me with the DOI of the paper "Generating Semantic Maps through Multidimensional Scaling: Linguistic Applications and Theory"?
In what year was American mathematician David James Foulis made Professor Emeritus at the University of Massachusetts?
What was the name of Aftab Ghulam Nabi Kazi's (12th Deputy Chairman of the Planning Commission of Pakistan) wife?
What type of wood was the case of the Yamaha DX1 (1983) made from?
What is the full name of the American food scientist who created the first frozen fish sticks in the 1950s?
What town in Gunma Prefecture, Japan, was Kenjiro Shoda born in?
On which day, month, and year were Alison Mori and Christian Gyrling promoted to vice presidents of Naughty Dog?
At what university was Kuo Tsai Chen appointed as an instructor after having been awarded his doctorate?
On what day, month, and year was Anna Krzeptowska-Żebracka, a Polish cross-country skier, born?
On which day, month, and year was the instrument Low Energy Gamma-Ray Imager (LEGRI) activated after it was successfully launched on a Pegasus XL rocket in 1997?
What Liverpool player scored the most goals in the 2021-2022 season of the FA Cup?
In which year was Monir Shahroudy Farmanfarmaian (an Iranian artist) awarded the Venice Biennale?
With how many points did Romania finish the 2022 Rugby Europe Championship?
In what year was the club formerly known as Pishchevik Kaliningrad renamed Baltika?
How many stages were in the original DS game's Pokémon Diamond and Pearl Pokémon contests?
What were the name and surname of the mother of the Mayor of Paterson, New Jersey, from 1967 to 1972 and again from 1975 until 1982?
What was George Frederic Watts' "After the Deluge" originally named in 1886?
On which date, month, and year did the manuscript "Codex Arundel" become a part of the British Library's project "Turning the Pages," when it was digitized along with Codex Leicester and became available in the 2.0 format?
In what year was the praying mantis species Eremiaphila barbara described by Brisout?
On what day, month, and year was Noel Turner, a Maltese footballer, born?
In what subject did photographer Kemka Ajoku attain a bachelor's degree in 2020?
Within plus or minus one minute, when was Marquinhos given a yellow card in the 2022 World Cup quarterfinals?
In what year was the mathematician George Andrews elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences?
On what day, month, and year was the 2021 research paper titled "Classification of Relaxation and Concentration Mental States with EEG" by Shingchern D. You accepted for publication in the scientific journal "Information"?
What's the name of the street named after Wilhelm Fabry in the city where he died?
In what year did Tülay Adalı become a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers?
In what borough of New York City did ballerina Georgia Hiden die?
How many cards are in the "Moonology Manifestation Oracle" card deck created by Yasmin Boland?
In what year did Tülay Adalı become a Fellow of the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering?
In what year were the first Zildjian cymbals created?
What is the name of the CIA project whose secret documents were published by WikiLeaks on August 24, 2017?
In what year was the Materials for Industry-Derek Birchall Award established?
What Terraria version number release added sawmills to the game?
During the year 2003, what award was Shirin Neshat given in Berlin?
What is the first and last name of the person who received the ADA Kelly West Award for Outstanding Achievement in Epidemiology in 1989?
What is the name of the Jhelum and Chenab doab?
Who is known to be the first Indian musician to perform at the United Nations General Assembly in 1966?
In 1980, what prize did Vaughan Jones receive for his doctoral thesis?
What specific date (month, day, year) was the very first Q Con hosted by Prism Comics in West Hollywood?
What is the name of track 7 on Disc 1 of the Super Mario Galaxy Original Soundtrack Platinum Version?
Which city's police won the 2017 FICCI Smart Policing Award?
What is the horsepower of the Pratt & Whitney R-1340-30 Wasp?
In which year was the stool "Nkosuostool" (Development stool) created by Asantehene, Otumfuo Opoku Ware II?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Meldola Medal and Prize in 1955?
What were the date, month, and year when Saddam’s government laid out its combined objections to the Arab League, including that policy moves were costing Iraq $1 billion a year, that Kuwait was still using the Rumaila oil field, and that loans made by the UAE and Kuwait could not be considered debts to its "Arab brothers"?
Which actor plays the emotional vampire in What We Do in the Shadows in Seasons 1 and 5?
Valhalla Park Family Recreational Centre, the first of its kind in Cape Town, opened for the first time in which month and year?
Who did Theodore von Kármán select as his research assistant when he accepted the directorship of the Guggenheim Aeronautical Laboratory at the California Institute of Technology in 1930?
What year was the municipality of Andes, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
What was the name of the college where Alma S. Woolley was tasked with creating a B.S. degree program in nursing?
In what year was the beetle species Glipa acutimaculata described?
In what year did the chemist Lucy Weston Pickett receive an honorary Doctor of Science degree from Ripon College?
What year was the municipality of Paya, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
What reward did Mishary Alafasy receive on October 25, 2008?
What is the name of the astronomer who discovered 86 Semele?
Which word was selected as the 2022 Word of the Year by the American Dialect Society?
What was the population number at the 2011 census of Askham Richard in the north of England?
Who was the 6th Prime Minister of Nepal?
Which law school did Adrienne Nelson serve as an adjunct professor at from 2002 to 2005?
Who was the doctoral advisor of Andreas Speiser?
Who was the recipient of the ISCB Accomplishment by a Senior Scientist Award in 2006?
Where did the Third Day song "Nothing at All" peak on the Billboard rock charts?
What was the name of the official newsletter of the Internal Foundation for Internal Freedom organization founded by Timothy Leary?
What middle school did drag queen Jinkx Monsoon attend?
At which technology park in Liverpool was Psygnosis Limited headquartered starting in 1995?
What is the surname of the individual who was awarded the Geoffrey Barker Medal in 2020?
What was the election symbol of the Rastriya Swatantra Party as of 2022?
Who won the International Photography Awards' "Discovery of the Year" award in 2017?
Who is the Kiwi Man of Kashmir?
How old was the Brazilian physicist Cesar Lattes when he died?
What castle overlooked Carmel Glen and its burn and was situated in Knockentiber, East Ayrshire?
What version of the music application MusicBee had the patch note "Mini player now supports a large album artwork layout" as part of its update?
In which season and episode of Peaky Blinders does Thomas smash a nun's glasses?
What month and date did Tina Turner, the singer, die?
What typographer developed the Allegro typeface?
Marc Julian Bradley, the first black Republican to serve in the Wisconsin Senate and only the second black Republican to serve in the Wisconsin Legislature, was born in 1981 and graduated from which high school?
In what year did the biochemist Betty Julia Sullivan receive the Francis P. Garvan–John M. Olin Medal?
In which year did Habiba Ghribi win the junior race of the Pan Arab Cross Country Championships?
In what year was the pink donut with sprinkles sculpture first presented to Springfield, New Zealand?
How many episodes was Ginnifer Goodwin in "Big Love: In the Beginning"?
In Fire Emblem: Three Houses, which character tells Leonie about a holy weapon hidden at Lake Teutates that doesn't require a crest to wield?
According to "A Survey of London; Reprinted From the Text of 1603," the first constables of the Tower of London (Othowerus, Acolinillus, Otto, and Geoffrey de Mandeville) occupied land in East Smithfield, near the Tower, and turned it into what?
What is the name of the city where Whitt L. Moreland was born?
What is the NASA Space Science Data Coordinated Archive (NSSDCA) ID of the spacecraft Foton-M4?
In what year did King John II of Portugal commission Diogo de Azambuja to build Elmina Castle?
What type of M.A. did Heisuke Hironaka's wife, Wakako, obtain from Brandeis University Graduate School in 1964?
What key signature was "God is Good" by Don Moen composed in?
Who were the two umpires in the 1980 Gillette Cup match between Ireland and Middlesex held on 2 July 1980?
In which year did Clive Derby-Lewis become deputy mayor of Bedfordview?
What is the total number of tracks on the Ys Origin original soundtrack released in 2007?
On what day, month, and year did Oommen Chandy, former Chief Minister of Kerala, die?
What year did Oliver Heaviside publish his second paper on electricity?
On what date, month, and year were women officially welcomed into the United States Polo Association?
What Google Sheets function is specifically built to calculate the margin of error from a range of values?
Who classified the Golden Temple as being a synthesis of Islamic and Hindu architectural styles, but also observed that the structure has its unique characteristics and inventions?
What are the names of the daughters of Mehbooba Mufti Sayed?
What month, day, and year did Feodor Timofeyev, consul for the Soviet Union in Georgetown, visit Jonestown for two days and give a speech?
Who was the Deputy Speaker of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly when D. Jayakumar was the Speaker during 2011-2012?
Which month and year was Thomas Charles Hart appointed to the U.S. Senate to fill the seat of Francis T. Maloney upon Maloney's death?
In which year was the municipality of Murindó, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
Who placed 3rd in Women's Épée Individual in the 2020 Tokyo Olympics?
What is the number and name of the second asteroid discovered by astronomer Édouard Jean-Marie Stephan?
What is the name of the U.S. President who received a posthumous "Raven" Award in 1959?
What is the forest cover area of Maharashtra in square kilometers according to the interpretation of IRS Resourcesat-2 LISS III satellite data from 2017-18?
What year was LEGO part ID 3778 initially released?
As of the 2020 Census, what was the population of Grand Mound, Iowa?
Name the person who became the president of Entertainment at Fox Broadcasting in September 1995 but left Fox in 1996 and soon became the president of HBO.
In what year did Norodom Ranariddh join the FUNCINPEC?
How much did Richard Serra's work "One Ton Prop: House of Cards" weigh in tons?
In what city did Rachel Carson and Dorothy Freeman first meet in 1953?
What car parts did Herbert House cut and weld to create the *Family Circle* sculpture found in the Adams Morgan neighborhood of Washington, D.C.?
What is the Kashmir Valley also known as?
In what city did the American mathematician Rufus Isaacs pass away?
What month, day, and year did the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation rename Railroad Park in Queens for Gwen Ifill?
In Season 7 of RPDR, what song did Katya lip sync to on the episode she was eliminated?
What year was the municipality of El Peñol, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
On what day, month, and year was John Bramston appointed as a member of the Queensland Legislative Council?
What day, month, and year did Lothair I, King of Italy, become King of Middle Francia?
What is the month and year when Aldrin, in association with the Florida Institute of Technology, presented a "master plan" for NASA consideration for astronauts with a "tour of duty" of ten years?
Which day, month, and year did Admiral Charles Philip Snyder get married to Cornelia Lee Wolcott?
Name the traditional dance in Kashmir where a male dancer accompanies the chhakri singers and was introduced during the Afghan period.
Which mathematician received the Salem Prize in 1969?
By whom was Count Botho zu Eulenburg preceded as Minister President of Prussia?
What is the name of the sole survivor of the Busy Bee Congo 2019 crash?
In 1881, Edward S. Morse of Salem, Massachusetts, patented a way of warming and ventilating apartments using what?
In which year did Gary Schreider, the Canadian football player, die?
How old was Fatima Sydow, the famous Cape Malay chef, when she passed away?
What is the name of Daniel arap Moi's mother?
On what day, month, and year did the mathematical astronomer Donald Harry Sadler begin working as a Temporary Assistant to Comrie?
What position did the song "Rockabye," featuring Anne-Marie, receive in the 2017 year-end US Billboard Hot 100 charts?
What is the street address of the building where the first meeting of the Gay Men's Chorus of Washington, D.C., was held in 1981?
What fort was Thomas Waller of Branchele knighted at by Thomas Lord Burgh, Lord Deputy of Ireland, in 1597?
What was the length of Mirza Hameedullah Beg's tenure as the Chief Justice of India in years and days?
What day, month, and year was the dungeon Dire Maul originally added to the game "World of Warcraft"?
In what year was the praying mantis species Eremiaphila aristidis described by Lucas?
Which city was the first in the Southern Hemisphere and the second in the world after Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in the United States to integrate electric street lights into its infrastructure?
As of 2011, what was the female population of Chitwan District?
What is the name of the political communications firm where New York State Representative Mike Lawler was a partner from 2018 to 2022?
What is the section title for 7 U.S. Code 136m in the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act?
What is the name of the CIA project whose user guide was published by WikiLeaks on 10 August 2017?
What country did Sarah Young and her husband start a counseling practice for women who had been sexually or spiritually abused?
What is the name of the chemist who fully developed the aquarium principle in 1850, explaining that plants added to water in a container would give off enough oxygen to support animals, as long as the number of animals did not grow too large?
What day and month was the New Zealand actor Benjamin Mitchell born?
What is the list entry name for the National Heritage List entry number 1090695 in Stonehouse, Stroud, Gloucestershire?
What year were the guidelines outlining requirements for the inclusion of soluble biomarkers in osteoarthritis clinical trials published?
Who was the first Deputy Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir?
In what year was American chemist Eger Vaughan Murphree awarded the Perkin Medal?
How many cards are in the "Moonology Messages Oracle" card deck created by Yasmin Boland?
What was the name of the play in which entertainer/artist/actor Charles Marchand (1890-1930) made his first public appearance in Ottawa in 1910?
What patch for the original Dark Souls made it so the Cracked Red Eye Orb is no longer consumed when connecting to an invasion fails?
What band opened on Sunday, September 6, 1992, at Ieperfest Hardcore '92 festival?
Who officiated Tammy Faye Messner's burial on July 21, 2007?
In what year was Thomas Clingman elected to the North Carolina State Senate?
Name the father and mother of Mukul Chandra Dey, a Bengali artist.
What place did Michael Vick finish in the Heisman Trophy voting in 2000?
Which patch for the original Dark Souls reduced the effectiveness of the Hornet Ring?
Which Ivy League university granted psychologist Robert Rutherford Holt both a master's degree and a Ph.D.?
What are the names of the triplets to which Dolly the sheep gave birth?
In what year did Viktor Vasnetsov collaborate with Apollinary on the theatre design of Sadko?
When NASA's communication director reported in 2020 that NASA planned to land astronauts on the Moon as part of the U.S. Artemis program, what was the total number of female candidates in the program?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Polanyi Medal for outstanding contributions to the field of gas kinetics in 2006?
How many days was school out after the fire in 1961 at Tomball High School in Harris County, Texas?
Under what section of CRPC was Omar Abdullah placed under preventive detention by the Indian government on the 4th and 5th of August 2019?
What is the DrugBank accession number of Rimegepant?
What is the first name of the individual who won the Gordon E. Moore Medal, an award given yearly by the Society of Chemical Industry to someone who has displayed early career success involving innovation in chemical industries, in 2021?
In what year, month, and place was Rahat Kazmi, the Pakistani actor, born?
How many tracks are there on the album Memeza by Brenda Fassie?
What is the first and last name of the father-in-law of Sir Nathaniel Brent, son of Anchor Brent, from his first marriage?
What is the full name and surname of the father of the 37th Mayor of San Francisco in California, who was assassinated?
What day, month, and year did the Türksat 1A satellite explode before orbiting?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Gibson-Fawcett Award in 2012?
What was the name of the winner of the 1992 Scandinavian Masters golf tournament?
Who accompanied Lilian Ngoyi on an illegal journey to Lausanne, Switzerland, to participate in the World Congress of Mothers held by the Women's International Democratic Federation (WIDF)?
What country placed 8th in the women's épée team event of the 2020 Tokyo Olympics?
What year was the municipality of Caucasia, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
Whose debut role was “Lohengrin” in “Lohengrin” at the Metropolitan Opera House on January 1, 1890?
What were the month and year when WhatsApp announced updated plans to roll out a Communities feature allowing several group chats to exist in a shared space, getting unified notifications, and opening up smaller discussion groups?
In what year did Deborah Rhode take over from Judith Brown as Director of the Clayman Institute for Gender Research?
What is the birth name of the Mexican artist Peso Pluma?
Who is Mark's pregnant sister in Season 1 of Severance?
How many innings did Game 5 of the '86 ALCS last?
In what city was the 6th ASEM Education Ministers' Meeting held?
What is the name of the sculptor who created the c. 1680 sculpture depicting Ceres in the Belvoir Castle Sculpture Garden in Leicestershire, England?
Who coached the Fort William War Veterans hockey team when they won the Memorial Cup in 1922?
Give the full name of Rana Ayyub's father (an Indian journalist).
In Horizon Zero Dawn's Frozen Wilds DLC, what is CYAN an acronym?
What is the name of the stone finish on Mohawk Island Lighthouse in Dunnville, Ontario?
Who were the seven countries that participated in the Battle of the Nations tournament in 2011?
In Pierce v. District of Columbia (2015), which judge ruled that the D.C. Department of Corrections violated the rights of a deaf inmate under the Americans with Disabilities Act?
What formula is used for finding the inverse of a square matrix in Google Sheets?
In which year did the Trillian chat application introduce a feature called "emotiblips," which allows Trillian users to stream files to their instant message recipients as "the voice and video equivalent of an emoticon?"
What is the name of track 8 on the album The Awesome Album that appeared on the Parks and Recreation TV series?
On which day, month, and year was Jomo Cosmos, the South African professional association football club based in Johannesburg that plays in the ABC Motsepe League, founded for the first time?
In what city and state is Richard Neutra's Slavin House located?
What is the NASA Space Science Data Coordinated Archive (NSSDCA) ID of the spacecraft Foton-9?
Give the abbreviated name of the launch vehicle along with its mission or flight number used for carrying the EOS-04 satellite, launched from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre in India in 2022.
On what day, month, and year was Heo Seung, known as Justhis, born?
Who did Kentaro Yano's father tell him the Theory of Relativity was not written by?
What was the first-generation, four-speed manual transmission gearbox type of the Mazda R360 officially called in Japan?
Who was the wife of the Indian criminal "Welding" Kumar, who was originally known as Jeyakumar?
In which season and episode of South Park does Stan ask why dogs have cold noses?
How many steps are in the Shinto burial process?
What was the full name of the first Prime Minister of Congo?
In which season of Happy Valley does Claire run into Neil?
Who was awarded the IEEE/RSE James Clerk Maxwell Medal in 2021?
What is the name of track 3 on the Mario Kart 64 Greatest Hits soundtrack released in 1997?
What was the official name of Terraria patch 1.4.1?
In what month and year did Ronnie Milsap first move to Nashville?
Who served before Cora Sadosky as president of the Association for Women in Mathematics?
In which year did the South African soap opera Generations first premiere on SABC 1?
What month, day, and year did Amir Hamza put a $2.2 million fatwā on anyone who killed Pastor Terry Jones?
Who played the vampire in Penny Dreadful's Season 1?
In which year was "Mithila Makhana" awarded the Geographical Indication (GI) tag?
At what university did Lorne Baird Warneke attend medical school?
What day, month, and year was Sergio Flamigni, an Italian politician and writer, born?
In which year was the Melody Queen of Kashmir awarded the Padma Shri?
In which year was a number of procumbent pearlwort (Sagina procumbens) plants first found on Gough Island in the South Atlantic Ocean, capable of dramatically transforming the upland plant ecosystem?
From the span of 1948 to 1962, how many times in total did Patty Berg win the Vare Trophy?
As of 2021, who is the host of The Doers Nepal podcast?
How many kilobytes of memory did the IBM 7030 Stretch have?
In what year was Virgil K. Smith's (Michigan politician) driver's license revoked after being charged with operating a vehicle while impaired in February 2004 and operating a vehicle while intoxicated in August 2004?
What year was the municipality of Pueblorrico, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
Under what pseudonym (name and surname) was Marc Julian Bradley, who is a member of the Wisconsin Senate representing the 28th Senate District since 2021, known when he made his professional wrestling debut in 1999?
How many calculations per second could the UNIVAC, which was delivered to the Census Bureau in 1951, perform?
What's the full name of the first female Finance Minister in Zambia?
What was the year when NASA Administrator James C. Fletcher proposed a token of $5 million for Hubble in NASA's budget?
In which year was Germund Dahlquist elected to the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences?
Give the name of Basanti Dulal Nag Chaudhuri's (an Indian nuclear scientist) wife.
What is the name of the mosque that was first built in Srinagar?
What is the surname of the individual who won the De Gennes Prize (formerly known as the Prize for Materials Chemistry) in 2013?
On what day, month, and year was Jose Lampe Cuisia Jr., who served as ambassador for the Philippines to the United States, born?
Who was the Scotsman that formed Clyde Pinelands Football Club in Cape Town in 1898?
Please tell me the name of the book Cindy Sherman published in 2003.
What was the name of the active volcano Mascarin Peak on Marion Island prior to 2003 when it was renamed?
What is the name of the Japanese scientist who received the Shaw Prize in 2008?
In which month and year did Sir Frederick Lugard organize the West African Frontier Force?
How many balls did Ishan Kishan play in the Indian Premier League 2019 final match between CSK and MI on May 12, 2019?
What year did Albert-László Barabási receive the Cozzarelli Prize from the U.S. National Academies of Sciences?
In what position did Romania finish in the 2022 Rugby Europe Championship?
How many individual plastic Fimir miniatures were included in the original HeroQuest Game System board game (not including expansions) released in North America in 1990?
In what year was Isavel Roche-Kelly named UCT Sportsperson of the Year?
What is the name of the book Cindy Sherman published in 2001?
What did CSA Brigadier General James Lusk Alcorn denounce as "a cancer upon the body of the nation"?
What's Dreadbolt's secret identity?
During what year did Kiki Smith earn the Nelson A. Rockefeller Award for the first time?
In which "Adventure Time" episode does Finn break his legs?
How many times did Kameron Michaels lip-sync on RPDR Season 10?
In what month and year did Maxi Gnauck officially announce her retirement from gymnastics?
What is the name of the 20th song on the Wrath of the Lich King Official Soundtrack CD?
From which Boston University did pharmacist George F. Archambault earn a law degree?
In which year was John B. Goodenough elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering?
What is the forest cover area of Sikkim in square kilometers according to the interpretation of IRS Resourcesat-2 LISS III satellite data from 2017?
During which year did Pipilotti Rist receive a Special Award from the Seville European Film Festival?
What is the name of Track 4 on the Sonic Free Riders Original Soundtrack released in 2010?
What is the name of the recipient of the Lapworth Medal in 2004?
What is the name of the town where the Jaynes Covered Bridge is situated?
Who was the first African American woman to patent a web-based EEO software (Nalikah, formerly known as LinkLine)?
What is the first and last name of the Deputy Speaker of the 10th Parliament of Uganda?
In what year did John Lennon and Yoko Ono donate their psychedelic Rolls-Royce to the Cooper Hewitt Museum?
How many children did Leonard P. Zakim have?
Where did Mohinder Amarnath score his first Test century?
What was the name of the director who took over from Barbara Gelpi in 2004 as the director of the Clayman Institute for Gender Research?
In what year was the Cunningham Dance Foundation established to support the Merce Cunningham Dance Company?
Where was Agostina Pietrantoni born?
On what day, month, and year was Kliment Yefremovich Voroshilov approved as Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet?
On what date (day/month/year) was Fazal Ilahi Chaudhry, former Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan, elected as the Speaker of the Provincial Assembly of West Pakistan?
In which year did Arshad Sauleh (an artist and a radio broadcaster of Srinagar, Kashmir) win the Merit Award from the State Academy of Art, Culture, and Language Srinagar?
How many times has the Pakistan People's Party emerged as the leading opposition party in Pakistan on a national level until 2022?
From whom did Kip Fulbeck, the Professor of Art at UC Santa Barbara, receive his black belt in Shotokan karate?
What was the date, month, and year when the German Defence Minister Peter Struck announced further major changes to the German armed forces? A major part of this announcement was the plan to cut the German fighter fleet from 426 in early 2004 to 265 by 2015.
How many inductees did the American Classical Hall of Fame have in 2008?
Who was convicted in 2019 of espionage by Iranian authorities in a closed-door trial in Iran?
What day, month, and year did Barry "Jock" Zonfrillo, the chef, die?
How many natural lakes does Puerto Rico have?
Who laid the foundation of Woodland House School in Srinagar, India?
In which year was Dr. Abu Baker Asvat awarded the Order of Luthuli in Silver by President Cyril Ramaphosa?
What month and year was Greek artist Kristof's album "Psychagogia" released?
What was the name of the perpetrator who slashed Park Geun-hye's face?
To whom was Ida Adamoff married?
What was the name of the winner of the 1991 Scandinavian Masters golf tournament?
In what year was the beetle species Glipa alboscutellata described?
On which date, month, and year did the BBC publish an apology on their website for previously publishing inaccurate statements about Tunisian politician Rached Ghannouchi six months earlier on 21 November 2012?
What is the first name and surname of the female runner who came third in the Ultra Old Mutual Two Oceans Marathon in 2019?
What was the name of Salvador Dalí's uncle who owned a bookshop in Barcelona?
Who created the scarf that Isadora Duncan was wearing when she died in a car accident?
What actor did Burt Reynolds replace on Gunsmoke?
Which architect designed and built the Stebel House in Los Angeles in 1961?
The main ingredients of Braulio liquor are medicinal herbs, fruits, roots, and berries that originally were collected on the slopes of what valley?
From which university did geographer Wilbur Zelinsky receive his master's degree?
What was the date, month, and year when the Air Force Space Command allayed fears of GPS failure, saying, "There's only a small risk we will not continue to exceed our performance standard"?
As of 31 March 2017, how many post offices does the Indian Postal Service have?
In what year did artist Doris Lusk create a painting of the Tuai Power Station?
What was the score of the second football game ever played between Virginia Tech and Alabama in points?
How many more votes did Freeman Freeman-Thomas win than George Sandys in the 1906 Bodmin by-election?
Which breed of pigs was featured on Maine's 2018 Common Ground Country Fair poster, painted by Arika von Edler?
In which year did the United States Defense Health Agency first approve payment for sex reassignment surgery for an active-duty U.S. military service member?
Which family does Sabella spallanzanii, a species of marine polychaete worms, belong to?
Who was the 1992 recipient of the D. B. Hardeman Prize?
To whom was Berta Singerman, the actress, married?
What year was an act passed by Congress that allowed Puerto Ricans to elect their own governor?
Provide the day, month, and year Foxtel and Microsoft announced a new way of receiving Foxtel through Xbox 360's online service Xbox LIVE.
What is the name of the sole survivor of the 2008 Yeti Airlines Flight 103 crash?
During which year did Gerhard Richter have a solo exhibition named "Gerhard Richter 4900 Colours: Version II"?
Who created Ida Mntwana's bronze statue?
What was the title of the opening theme song for the radio program "The American Album of Familiar Music"?
Comedian Phyllis Diller was crowned with what title by "Field and Stream" magazine in 1973?
Which is the first state in India to operationalize an ABDM microsite under the 100 Microsites Project by the National Health Authority?
What is the forest cover area of Delhi in square kilometers according to the India State of Forest Report 2019?
Name the enzyme that has an enzyme commission number of 3.1.4.2.
In which year did Ratan Parimoo (an Indian art historian from Kashmir) win the Gaurav Puraskar, Gujarat State Lalit Kala Akademi?
How many control participants were used in the research paper "Grey matter atrophy in cognitively impaired Parkinson’s disease," published in the February 2012 edition of the Journal of Neurology, Neurosurgery, and Psychiatry?
What kind of factory did Anselm Kiefer transform into a studio in 1992?
Who was the first recipient of the Nebula Award for Best Game Writing?
What did Robert Southey state was the singular diagnosis for Horatio Lord Nelson's illness and subsequent evacuation during the San Juan expedition in 1780?
After Madie Hall Xuma arrived in South Africa, what was the name of the musical she produced?
What was the affiliated institute of the winner of the Turing Award in 1968?
Which mathematician, affiliated with Princeton University at the time, received the Fields Medal in 2022?
In which month and year was Durga Prasad Dhar (an Indian politician) appointed as the Union Minister for Planning?
What was the name and surname of the judge in the 'Miss World' pageant of 1958, who was a photojournalist and editor?
On what day, month, and year was Miguel Gerardo Velázquez Olivares, a Mexican professional footballer, born?
In what year was Glipodes bordoni described by Franciscolo?
Who was the first recipient of the IEEE Computer Society Charles Babbage Award?
In which year did a mouse eradication program first commence on the volcanic island called Gough Island in the South Atlantic Ocean?
In 2011, during the Hands Across Hawthorne rally, which followed Brad Forkner's speech and Basic Rights Oregon's call for volunteers for the Queer Patrol, which Beatles song did the crowd sing?
In what year did the Costume Institute become a curatorial department?
On what date did the last total lunar eclipse for three years occur?
What is the NASA Space Science Data Coordinated Archive (NSSDCA) ID of the spacecraft Bion 9?
What was Emma Albani’s role in “Les Huguenots” in 1891 at the Metropolitan Opera in New York?
What promotional single did Milet release in 2021?
On what month, day, and year was Mammoth Cave National Park first designated as an International Dark Sky Park?
In which month of 1994 was the FSW-2 spacecraft launched?
On what month, day, and year did Emil Oberhoffer conduct the first performance by the LA Philharmonic of Maurice Ravel's "Alborada del Gracioso"?
What are the name and surname of the man whom Rosa Bloch-Bollag, an activist and member of the Swiss Socialist Party, married?
In which year did Limpho Hani resign from her seat in the Lower House of the new South African Parliament?
In what year was Henry Petty, 1st Earl of Shelburne, elected to the Irish House of Commons for Midleton?
In what year was the praying mantis species Eremiaphila cycloptera described by Uvarov?
Who played Sarah Robinson in "Felicity" Season 4, Episode 4?
From which year to which year did the Albanian politician Ibrahim Rugova study at the University of Paris?
On which album does the Relient K song "May the Horse Be with You" appear?
What year was the municipality of Apartadó, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
Who (full name) served as Hollins College's president from 1901 to 1933?
What Toronto doctoral student coauthored "Note on Symmetric Algebras (1938)" with Tadashi Nakayama?
What month and year did the New Brighton Pier in Christchurch, New Zealand, reopen following earthquake repairs in 2017?
What year was the municipality of Amagá, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
On what day, month, and year was St. Jude's Church, Birmingham consecrated?
Who does Omni-Man kill in front of Invincible during their fight in Season 1 to prove to him that people's lives are meaningless?
At what baseball field did the Bluff City Bombers of the Central Illinois Collegiate League play their home games from 1998 to 2004?
On what month, day, and year was Debbie Allen honored for her contributions to dance and presented with a Lifetime Achievement Award by Nia Peeples at The Carnival: Choreographer's Ball 10th anniversary show?
What were the day, month, and year when President Bush and Congress agreed on the joint resolution authorizing the Iraq War?
What was the name of the father of two-time Vice Chancellor of the University of Kashmir, Talat Ahmad?
On what day, month, and year was the actor and singer Corbin Bleu's portrait added to the Broadway Wall of Fame at Tony's Di Napoli restaurant in New York?
What is the total area of Chitwan National Park in square kilometers?
In what theater in Brazil did Louis Moreau Gottschalk collapse from yellow fever during his performance?
What is the name of the place of birth of Hannes Fink?
In which year did President Donald Trump promise to return humans to the Moon and eventually Mars, and increase the NASA budget by $1.1 billion?
Sir Isaac Julien's installation piece 'Radioactive' is from what year?
What was the title of Sibel Adalı's 1996 dissertation, supervised by V. S. Subrahmanian?
How many inductees did the American Classical Music Hall of Fame have in 2005?
On what day, month, and year was Shohidul Islam, Bangladeshi cricketer, born?
What is the name of the college where Prince Nirajan Bir Bikram Shah Dev completed his bachelor's degree?
What is the durability of the Istarelle spear from Demon's Souls (2009)?
What is the name of the first suspension-type bridge to come across the Jhelum in Srinagar city?
In Season 2 of the American version of "The Circle," what episode did Terilisha get blocked?
On what date, month, and year was Clifford Cunnell, an English cricketer, born?
On what day in 2022 was the Ministry of Culture and Equality (Norway) established?
Who was the maternal grandfather of the Russian stage actress and singer Baroness Olga Vadimovna von Root?
In which year did Matvey Blanter begin his long-lasting collaboration with the poet Mikhail Isakovsky?
Who was given the first academic title "Professor of Psychology"?
How is the virus that killed Dolly the sheep abbreviated?
According to "Astronomical Phenomena During 1898" by H.C. Wilson, how many eclipses (both solar and lunar) were predicted to occur that year?
What is the name of Wassily Kandinsky's only son?
Which district court in Norway was politician Nikolai Christian Grove Prebensen a deputy judge from 1878 to 1881?
Who was the 2014 recipient of the Penny Crane Award for Distinguished Service?
What was Janice Burgess put in charge of when she volunteered at the public television station WQED?
On what day, month, and year was the death of Doski Azad, the transgender woman from Iraqi Kurdistan, discovered?
What were the month and year when The Economist reported that researchers at the University of California, Berkeley conducted ultrasound studies using graphene diaphragms?
What day, month, and year was the New Zealand actress Ria Vandervis born?
How many acres was Rachel Lambert Mellon's Virginia estate, Oak Spring Farm?
What is the forest cover area of Karnataka in square kilometers according to the India State of Forest Report 2019?
What is the name of the person who discovered the minor planet named after Viktor Vasnetsov?
Which other award did Fleabag win in 2016 apart from Best Original Programme?
On what day, month, and year did the 1st ASEM Transport Ministers' Meeting begin?
What is the full title of Zanele Muholi's publication from 2011?
Which angel is portrayed in Leonardo da Vinci's "Virgin of the Rocks"?
What city hosted Kara Walker's 2017 solo exhibition?
How many hours, minutes, and seconds in the solar day on Mars are equivalent to 24 hours on Earth?
What is the name of the botanist who first formally described *Dendrobium pugioniforme* in 1839?
What is the name of the individual known as "The Horse" who won eight running events over three Olympics between 81 and 89 CE?
How many innings did Javier López pitch in the '07 World Series?
What were the date, month, and year when the aging mainframe-based Ground Segment Control System was transferred to the new Architecture Evolution Plan?
What year was the bronze loincloth added to Michelangelo's "Risen Christ" sculpture to cover the genitals?
What month, day, and year did Ciara perform at the Joy Theater in New Orleans for her Jackie Tour?
What role did Darsheel Safary play in the series Yeh Hai Aashiqui in 2016?
What year was the municipality of Salgar, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
What year did PayPal become a jersey patch sponsor of the Phoenix Suns for the first time?
In which year was the municipality of Samacá, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
At which festival did Robert Amirkhanyan win "Best Song" in 1973?
Who was the first president of the Pakistan Cycling Federation?
What is the surname of the individual who was awarded the Francis P. Garvan–John M. Olin Medal in 1951?
What year was the municipality of Ciénega, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
On what day, month, and year was Michiya Haruhata born?
On which day, month, and year was the NVS-01 satellite launched from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre in India?
Which ruling Congress nominee did Bakshi Ghulam Mohammad defeat in the 1967 Lok Sabha election on a National Conference ticket?
What were the month, day, and year John Stanhope was raised to the peerage as Baron Stanhope of Harrington?
In what year was the Society of Illustrators Welfare Fund established?
Who was the coach of Eintracht Frankfurt in 1970?
How old is Nadja in "What We Do in the Shadows" as of Season 2?
What is the name of the computer scientist who supervised the doctoral thesis of Annamaria Beatrice Amenta at the University of California, Berkeley?
What month, day, and year was Lori Vallow Daybell sentenced to prison?
Following the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting, which county in which state was the only county in the United States to refuse to lower its flags to half-staff?
What is the name of the city where Takashi Masuzaki was born?
What day, month, and year did Terraria version 1.4.2.1 release?
What is the unique form of masked dance performed in Jharkhand locally known as?
Until what month and year did Gerald Ford serve as the Honorary Grand Master of the International Supreme Council, Order of DeMolay?
According to Medland, Sarah E.; Loesch, Danuta Z.; Mdzewski, Bogdan; Zhu, Gu; Montgomery, Grant W.; Martin, Nicholas G. (September 28, 2007), what chromosome location was identified as linked to the finger ridge counts of the ring, index, and middle fingers through multivariate linkage analysis?
What were the day, month, and year when Instagram introduced comment liking?
What was the original name of the show that conductor David Randolph hosted on the radio station WNYC?
What year was Sir Frederick Charles Frank elected a Fellow of the Royal Society?
In what month and year did Starlink become the largest-ever satellite constellation?
What was the first line after the salutation in the letter sent to Gosvami Maharaja by A. C. Bhaktivedanta, also known as A. C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada, on October 5, 1955?
On what day, month, and year did the Winnipeg Free Press cease publishing its regular Sunday edition?
What did Edvard Bull Sr., the Norwegian politician, die of in 1932?
Name the village in Iran from which Tilla embroidery originated.
What is the surname of the individual who won the Green Chemistry Award in 2012?
What was Hank Green's character, The Fix, a manifestation of on Dimension 20's Mentopolis?
Where is Sagg Eco Village located in Jammu & Kashmir, India?
What was the first name of the man who, in 1925, married Mavis Tate, a former British Conservative politician?
What day, month, and year did version 1.06 of the original PS3 release of Dark Souls get released in North America?
The Jallianwala Bagh is recounted in which episode of Granada TV's 1984 series "The Jewel in the Crown"?
Which Denver team did Brodie Smith play for in 2014?
Who is Orym's father-in-law who was killed during an attack on Zephrah in Critical Role?
In what year did conductor David Randolph receive his master's degree from Columbia University?
What was Sujata Manohar's position just before she was appointed as a judge of the Supreme Court of India?
From which database did the authors of "Identifying Semantic Role Clusters and Alignment Types via Microrole Coexpression Tendencies" obtain the 25 languages used in their paper?
In what year was the beetle species Glipa angustilineata described?
Which university awarded Pieter Bleeker a Doctorate Honoris Causa for the second time in 1849 for his work in ichthyology and tropical medicine?
In the episode "A Slight Case of Murder: Part 1 & 2" of the TV series Amen, who played the role of Roxanne Farley?
How many girls are in "Girls on the Bridge," Munch's painting from 1900 (in the version where some of them are looking at the river)?
Which scientist received the Gregori Aminoff Prize in 1982?
In which patch was the API function UpdateWorldMapArrow added to World of Warcraft?
On what day, month, and year was Motonori Matuyama born?
What year did Katia Bellillo become Minister for Regional Affairs?
At what time to the nearest second did Arnaud Jouffroy end the race, ranking in the first position, in the 2008 UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships – Men's Junior race?
In which year was the "People's Action Committee" (a political party) established in Kashmir?
Who was awarded the International Prize in Statistics in 2021?
What year did Marina Abramović have her first performance in Edinburgh?
What was the percentage of voter turnout during the 1992 Ghanaian presidential election?
Who planted the first Chinar tree in Kashmir?
Up to how many meters high does the Pittosporum divaricatum grow?
How many Indigenous languages were designated in Togo in 1975?
What is the first and last name of the first individual to be inducted into the Gospel Music Hall of Fame by the Gospel Music Association who was not a musician?
What day, month, and year did Panama decide to use DVB-T?
Who is the Japanese voice actor for the character Kiergaard in the game Ys VIII: Lacrimosa of Dana?
What is the 14th song on the official Demon's Souls soundtrack CD released in 2009?
What year did Louis de Broglie become a professor of theoretical physics at the Henri Poincaré Institute?
For how many years did Mohamed Abdelaziz Djaït serve as the Mufti of the Republic of Tunisia?
Which senator introduced the Act Prohibiting Importation of Slaves into the Senate?
With what goal difference did Brighton finish the 2021-22 Premier League season?
What was the Victoria and Albert Museum initially known as when it was established in 1852?
Which scientist was the recipient of the Roebling Medal in 1968?
What month and year did Anna Paola Concia, an Italian politician and LGBT rights activist, marry her wife, Ricarda Trautmann, in Frankfurt?
What was the final score of Super Bowl LVII?
On what day, month, and year was the case of United States of America v. Francis Raia filed in the United States Court of Appeals?
Who was awarded the Oskar Kokoschka Prize in 1998?
What doctrine did Ketanji Brown Jackson use to uphold her decision that "the suits should be brought in Malaysia, not the U.S."?
What day, month, and year did Disney end the distribution of Disney Channel programs in Russia?
What was the name of the sculptor who created the war memorial, a twenty-two-and-a-half-foot statue of bronze and granite depicting a Canadian soldier in battle dress, in Brockville, Ontario, that was unveiled in 1924?
In what year did Dr. William Schwartz discover that sulfanilamide also acts as a diuretic in people with congestive heart failure?
Domenico Lino Morichini first examined the fossilized tooth of what type of animal to identify fluorine?
What was the title of the mechanical engineer Gang Chen's Ph.D. thesis published in 1993?
Which mathematician received the Chern Medal in 2022?
On what day, month, and year did Balendra Shah (Balen Shah) take office as mayor of Kathmandu?
As of 2022, what year did the Centro Botín Centre in Spain have the exhibition named 'Amigos'?
Who does Beanie Feldstein play in What We Do in the Shadows?
What were the names of the two streets at the intersection where the Sydenham Hospital in New York was located after moving from its original location?
Between what years did Getachew Reda complete a Master of Law at Alabama University, Tuscaloosa, United States?
At what date, month, and year was the Inox Gold Multiplex inaugurated in Srinagar, Kashmir?
Which high school did John Joseph Kamotho, a former Member of Parliament for Mathioya and Kangema Constituency, attend in 1958?
What day, month, and year was Georgi Ivanov Peev, the Bulgarian former footballer, born?
What was the length of Prafullachandra Natwarlal Bhagwati's tenure as the Chief Justice of India, in years and days?
In what month and year did Bakshi Ghulam Mohammad announce his retirement from politics?
Who replaced band member Carl Martin of the group Shai?
Which district is called the Land of Springs in Kashmir?
In what year did Andrew Bolton assume the position of Curator in Charge at The Costume Institute?
In which category did Ricky Whittle win an award in 2010?
How many total performances did Italian baritone Antonio Scotti (1866-1936) have at the Metropolitan Opera House between 1899 and 1933?
Which song in Alan Walker's album "Different World" is exactly four minutes and zero seconds long?
What is the name of the female molecular biologist who received the Shaw Prize in 2015?
In which month and year did Harnaam Kaur first feature in the Teen Vogue article "Instagrammers Challenge Body and Facial Hair Stigma"?
What was the name of the carriage builder to whom painter Shepard Alonzo Mount was apprenticed as a young man?
In which month and year was Somnath Bharti involved in the campaign against Kapil Sibal's alleged interference in the Joint Entrance Examination process for admission to the Indian Institutes of Technology?
Who won the Paris Kanellakis Theory and Practice Award in 2002?
In which year was Zoleka Mandela first diagnosed with cancer?
In Episode 13 of Season 3 of the American version of "The Circle," who was voted fan favorite?
What is the first and last name of the sculptor who created the statue of Christopher Codrington at All Souls College?
What is the Regional Transport Office (RTO) code for the Androth location in Lakshadweep, India?
What day, month, and year did Disney Entertainment Projects open DisneyFest in Singapore?
What university was the recipient of the 2018 Ribenboim Prize associated with?
At what age did Princess Bathildis of Anhalt-Dessau die?
What was the engine size, in cc, of the Grillot engine that was placed in the 1935 Amilcar Pégase?
In what year was the beetle species Paraconalia brasiliensis described by Ermisch?
In S3, E13 of "The Circle" (American version), who was the runner-up?
On what date (Month/Day/Year) were two ancient cannons presented to Plymouth at Burial Hill by the British Government?
What was the first constituency that Percy Shelley's father represented?
What was the Christian name of the Ontario hamlet that Cyrus R. Allison referred to in a letter in 1841: "The heathen name of this place was Rogues' Hollow ... It was once drunken, it is now sober, it was once wicked, it is now, to a very great degree, reformed"?
At what age was Ken Noda invited by President Ronald Reagan and First Lady Nancy Reagan to perform at the White House?
What was the only year the LEGO part with ID gal56 was released?
What year was Thomas Edison's equipment removed from the Columbia steamer?
Which primary school did Kiraitu Murungi attend?
What month, day, and year did the "harp and bowl" worship model start at the International House of Prayer (IHOPKC)?
Who inaugurated the INOX Gold Multiplex in Srinagar, Kashmir?
Who was Ghana's Minister of Foreign Affairs during the Kulungugu bomb attack?
At the time of his birth, what was the name of the town in which the former Prime Minister of Poland Kazimierz Władysław Bartel was born?
What is the state highway road number of the Kancheepuram-Thiruvathipuram Road under the Cheyyar division of Tamil Nadu, India?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Applied Inorganic Chemistry Award in 2015?
On what day and month was the first person born in Antarctica?
What is the name of the university from which Thabo Cecil Makgoba, Chancellor of the University of the Western Cape in South Africa since 2012, first graduated with a PhD degree in 2009?
In the 1993 series "The Young and the Restless," what was Hope saved from when Victor arrived?
What is the 16th track of the Japanese bonus edition of Anne-Marie's album, "Therapy"?
In what year was Leonora Neuffer Bilger awarded the Francis P. Garvan–John M. Olin Medal?
Which town in Aarhus, Denmark, is known by the nickname "Gun City"?
On what month, date, and year did the Southern Baptist Convention meet for their annual convention, approve a resolution condemning sexual abuse, and establish a special committee to investigate sexual abuse?
How many Long-Evans rats were used in the scientific paper, "A role for anterior thalamic nuclei in affective cognition: interaction with environmental conditions," published in Hippocampus in May 2013?
What breed was Dolly the Sheep?
In which city in Pakistan did Bahria Town (Private) Limited establish its second gated community?
What month, day, and year did Hiram Revels write a letter to fellow Republican and President Ulysses S. Grant that was widely reprinted?
What patch reduced the Spectre Pickaxe's mining speed from 10 to 8 in Terraria?
What is the name of the ship named after Habba Khatoon?
Tell me the specific day, month, and year when the Samajwadi Janata Party was formed.
Who was the runner-up in Men's singles in the 2022 Italian Open?
From what year to what year was Muhammad Ayub Sheikh, who was a Pakistani politician, first a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan?
In which year did Edward Meyrick first describe Glyphipterix saurodonta, the species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix?
On what month and year did a scientific study of Kidd Mine in Canada discover sulfur-breathing organisms?
At which university did Jock Hoe give the invited lecture "Mathematics Education in China" to the 1989 New Zealand Mathematics Colloquium?
What two countries competed for 3rd place in the women's team foil event at the 1964 Summer Olympics?
When (month, day, year) did the first episode of Candela Obscura premiere on Twitch?
What is the birth name of the Colombian artist Blessd?
What was Gustav Arthur Cooper's Ph.D. dissertation titled?
What U.S. embassy did Alex Michel work for after graduating college?
On which day, month, and year was the Indira Gandhi Planetarium, also known as the Patna Planetarium, located in Patna, Bihar, India, opened to the public?
What was the name of the cat who was a cousin of Tom's, but was scared of mice, in the Tom and Jerry cartoons?
Name the city and state in which the first African American woman to serve as a Portland City Commissioner in Oregon was born.
In Severance, whom does Mark Scout replace as department head?
What was the release price for the Sonic Free Riders original soundtrack in Japan in Japanese Yen?
What place did the album "Rolling Papers 2" by Wiz Khalifa receive on the 2018 US Billboard 200 year-end charts?
What year was the municipality of Berbeo, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
What is the height (in meters) of the light multipurpose aircraft T-101 named Grach, based on the AN-2 biplane that was designed by Evgeny Grunin, which took its first flight on December 7, 1994?
In what year did the mathematician Joachim Neubüser graduate from the University of Kiel?
What one imported species was approved by the USDA and Canada in 2015 to be released in North America in an attempt to suppress invasive emerald ash borer populations?
What are the twins' names from "The Cosby Show"?
How many operator cells are within the Yamaha YM2203 from the 1980s?
What's the name of Section 5 of the paper 'Identifying semantic role clusters and alignment types via microrole coexpression tendencies'?
In which year was the municipality of Yarumal, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
Who was the first Tanzanian woman to earn a doctorate in mathematics?
Which infraorder in the animal kingdom does the superfamily Psalidopodoidea belong to?
What was the Word of the Decade (2010–2019) according to the American Dialect Society?
On which date, month, and year was the "King Shaka International Airport" name approved by the South African Geographical Names Council?
On what day, month, and year did Bruno Kreisky (an Austrian social democratic politician) marry Vera Fürth?
Between which stations was the first section of Line B of the Buenos Aires subway?
Who was the president of Sweet Briar College in Virginia in 1987?
Which day, month, and year was Ariane ECA's first successful launch?
What year did Cindy Sherman have her first solo exhibition at the Whitney Museum of American Art in NY?
What was the pass accuracy of France in the FIFA World Cup Final between France and Croatia in 2018?
On what month, day, and year was the first meeting of the Palestinian National Council?
In 2010, which university's researchers tested an electronic mechanism involving infrared laser pulses directed to the air above Berlin?
What is the name of the organization to which the Society of Illustrators sold the rights to their Illustrator Show skits in 1925?
What day, month, and year was Rudi Dekkers born?
Who did Jun Takahashi open his first store with?
Which football player was first seen wearing the Off-White x Nike Mercurial Vapor 360?
What year was the municipality of Chigorodó, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
What were the names of the two sons of the Karnofsky family that Louis Armstrong helped?
As of Episode 1 of Season 4 of Friends, who was Ross dating?
What month and year was the album "Introspective" released by Inner Ear Records?
What production did the Winnipeg Daily Free Press claim was “too spicy – at least for this town” in June 1880?
What is the title of the section corresponding to 7 U.S. Code 136l, Section 14, in the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA)?
What day, month, and year did the Union Minister of Health and Family Welfare launch the "MusQan" initiative in India?
Who won the Paris Kanellakis Theory and Practice Award in 2014?
In the Legends continuity of Star Wars, how many grandchildren did Anakin Skywalker have?
What day, month, and year did Peter III of Aragon become King of Sicily?
In 2014, who took over development of the Brooding language for the Riddlesbrood Touring Theater Company?
From which constituency did Justice Mohammad Afzal Cheema, former Deputy Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan, become a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan in 1962?
In which U.S. state was painter Davyd Whaley born?
What year did Michael John Creutz receive a Humboldt Research Award?
In what year did fashion designer Mowalola Ogunlesi drop out of Central Saint Martins?
Which Bible character's figure is in the middle ground of the "Doni Tondo"?
What month and year did Masaki Tsuji head Japan's first international anime research lab as part of Digital Hollywood University?
From what country was the fencer who placed 5th in the women's épée individual event in the 2020 Tokyo Olympics?
In what year did Jacob Pieter Den Hartog become Professor Emeritus upon his retirement from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology?
How many meters did Şahika Ercümen dive in the VNF category, breaking the world record on June 1, 2013, in Lake Van, Turkey?
In the primary setting of the Starfinder tabletop RPG, what is the home system of the Vesk species?
What is the secret identity of Ms. Casey in Season 1 of Severance?
What trophy was won on October 12, 2019, by Kaizer Chiefs Football Club?
What was the only state in 2020 that adopted Juneteenth as a paid holiday for state employees?
In what position did Claudine Vita rank in the women's discus throw final event of the 2019 World Athletics Championships?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Herman Skolnik Award in 1977?
What was the name of Grace Naledi Mandisa Pandor's mother?
How many of Jacob Abraham Camille Pissarro's seven children also became painters?
In which Regular Show episode (number, title, and season) does Mordecai see Pops naked?
How many television match officials were from England in the 2019 Rugby World Cup?
What did Vergil say to Dante in DMC 3 after stabbing him with the Yamato in their first fight?
Who was Carlos Menem's first and only Minister of Public Service?
What attraction was removed to make space for the Demon at Tivoli Gardens?
What is the full name of the first Black woman to become president of an NFL (National Football League) team?
How many inductees did the American Classical Music Hall of Fame have in 2000?
What year was the last DC utility in NYC shut down?
What was the first name of Florence N. Coleman and Charles Albert Noble's son?
Which school and year did John Edward Broadbent receive his Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) degree?
At which university was Shanti Gupta appointed Professor of Statistics and Mathematics in 1962?
What is the exact weight in grams of the Nokia 3208c?
What are the month, day, and year Heisuke Hironaka was inaugurated as president of Yamaguchi University?
In what prison did Jean-Marc Rouillan marry Nathalie Ménigon?
Who was Raúl Alfonsín's first Minister of Labour?
What's the DOI of the paper 'Assessing theory with practice: an evaluation of two aspectual-semantic classification models of gerundive nominalizations' by Lauren Fonteyn?
What role did Tottie Goldsmith play in the TV movie Underbelly Files: Infiltration?
What are the year and month when Europe approved nirsevimab?
From what undergraduate college did Lt. Gen. (Ret.) Ronald Ray Blanck, D.O., graduate?
Which year was Leonard P. Zakim involved in the reelection campaign of Michael Dukakis?
In what year did David Lloyd Wolper, born in 1928, marry his first wife?
What is the name of the city where Alain Stanké was born?
What is the name of the man who became the third Black man to serve as a Portland city commissioner in Oregon?
On what day, month, and year was the famous Cape Malay chef and author Fatima Sydow born?
Who created the bronze version of "Damned Soul" by Gian Lorenzo Bernini, currently in the Liechtenstein Collection?
In what year did Valery Matveevich Panov establish the Ashdod Art Centre in Israel?
What is the forest cover area of Nagaland in square kilometers according to the interpretation of IRS Resourcesat-2 LISS III satellite data from 2017-18?
Which school did Lyndon B. Johnson briefly teach in Pearsall?
In which year was Mascarin Peak, the active volcano on Marion Island, renamed for the first time?
What multiple-choice letter option could be selected by pressing the button surrounded by yellow on the chest plate of the original 2-XL Robot, which was released between 1978-1981 by Mego Corporation, based on its default overlay?
How many balls did Manish Pandey play in the 2019 IPL match between KKR and SRH on March 24, 2019?
How many children did the actuary Richard Gwilt and his wife have?
In the 2021 census, what was the population of Townview, a suburb in the City of Mount Isa, Australia?
What day, month, and year was Lucy Letby born?
What famous field marshal said, "I have no intention of shooting myself for this Bohemian corporal"?
On which day, month, and year was the Tamil daily newspaper Hindu Tamil Thisai founded?
In what city in England was James Brain, an English football manager and player born in 1900, born?
What is the guard stability of the Broken Straight Sword in Dark Souls II?
What day, month, and year was the New Zealand Prime Minister Christopher Luxon born?
In what month and year was Rachid Lousteque named interim manager of Olympique de Khouribga?
What was Natasha Merle's nomination vote count for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York?
On what day, month, and year did King Louis II's, also known as King Louis XIII of France, reign as King of Navarre end?
In Season 7 of The Bachelorette, where was the contestant who was a personal trainer from?
What was the date, month, and year when Naro-1 became the first South Korean launch vehicle to achieve Earth orbit?
In which year was the International Centre for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology (ICGEB) established?
On what month, day, and year did the Computer History Museum launch the "Make Software: Change the World!" exhibit?
What is the full name of Vic Clapham's great-grandson who completed the Comrades Marathon from 2012 to 2015?
Name the country that has lifted the World Cup in the 60, 50, and 20-over formats.
Which organization commissioned "Pinturas de Tamayo" (the composition by Steven Stucky)?
What was the complete name of the college in Delhi in which Ashraf Abbasi, the first Deputy Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan, studied?
What is the name of the exhibition that Zanele Muholi introduced in 2009?
What year was Guido Fanti elected as City Councilor of Bologna?
What opportunity did Cab Calloway refuse while at Crane College?
What was the year when the Dior watch booth was dedicated to the Dior canework?
In which episode from Season 1 of Regular Show did Mordecai and Rigby get a mullet?
What was the first and last name of the President of the Society of Illustrators from 1921-1922?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Bioinorganic Chemistry Award in 2011?
In what year was the Mudi recognized as a breed by the American Kennel Club?
What was the voter participation percentage in the 1971 Federal elections in the Canton of the Grisons, also known as the Canton of Graubünden, in Switzerland?
Three years after joining Comme des Garçons, Junya Watanabe started designing which CdG line?
What song in Alan Walker's album "World of Walker" is only thirty-nine seconds long?
In which month and year was Rana Ayyub (an Indian journalist) honored with the McGill Medal for Journalistic Courage at the University of Georgia's Grady College?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Faraday Medal, awarded by the Electrochemistry Group of the Royal Society of Chemistry in 2019?
Between which years was the "Neptune and Triton" sculpture carved?
Name the first 3D planetarium in India.
What was the name of Dolly the sheep’s very first lamb?
What was the full name of the first Black runner to win the Ultra Two Oceans Marathon in South Africa?
Who were the two founders of the municipality of Angostura, Antioquia, Colombia?
Who was Mehta Basti Ram's great-granddaughter who went on to become the first woman member of parliament from Jammu and Kashmir?
On what day, month, and year was it announced that Les Dennis would guest host the British show Countdown due to Colin Murray testing positive for COVID-19?
On what date, month, and year was the Indian politician Prabhunath Singh sentenced to life imprisonment by the Hazaribagh court for his connection with the murder of MLA Ashok Singh?
In what year did the artist Patrick Nagel create his first poster for Mirage Editions?
Who was the person who spoke out against naming a new Imperial Lord Privy Seal, which put him in direct conflict with the regime's de facto prime minister, Émile Ollivier?
What month and year were the bodies of two children, Yuna and Minu Jo, found in suitcases in Auckland, New Zealand?
Which contestant from Season 2 of The Bachelor was a paralegal?
On what day, month, and year was Eyre Chatterton born?
What is the name of the beach in Carpinteria depicted in Erin Hanson's oil painting "Cliffs at Sunset"?
How many minutes and seconds is Karan Aujla's song "It Ain't Legal"?
Which Nassau County, NY, hospital did New York State Representative Tom Suozzi's mother work in as an operating room nurse?
On what day, month, and year in B.S. was Hari Bansha Acharya, a Nepalese actor, comedian, director, singer, and writer, born?
In which year did a "line of control" divide the Indian and Pakistani portions?
In 1989, how many kilometers long was the Cape Town Cycle Tour, formerly known as the Cape Argus Cycle Tour?
Give the full name of Ghulam Nabi Azad's daughter (an Indian politician).
What were the day, month, and year when the first commercial tweet from space was sent by the private company Solstar utilizing solely commercial infrastructure during the New Shepard flight?
Which mycologist circumscribed Lillicoa?
Which scientist received the Penrose Medal before the year Preston Ercelle Cloud Jr. received his?
The massive millisecond pulsar PSR J0952–0607 is located within which constellation?
Who wrote "The Nightmarket" episode of Season 4 in "What We Do in the Shadows"?
From 1999 to 2003, Iestyn George was the marketing manager for which Welsh band?
What place did Tonya Harding achieve at the 1989 U.S. Figure Skating Championships?
In which year did Fayaz A. Malik (an Indian pharmacologist, cancer biologist, and scientist) receive the Young Scientist of the Year from the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research?
What was the first and last name of the Swiss painter who murdered his landlady, Anne King?
What month and year was the "Bust of Charles I" by Gian Lorenzo Bernini destroyed?
On what month, day, and year did Judge Michael W. Mosman assume senior status?
As of 6 April 2022, how many Hillsong branches in the U.S. had separated from the church since the revelations about Brian Houston?
What was the name of Sherri Papini's ex-boyfriend with whom she stayed in Southern California during her hoax?
What is the name of the project that won the 2021 ACM Software System Award?
What were the month and year when Netflix announced official support for ChromeOS through its streaming service, allowing Chromebooks to watch streaming movies and TV shows via Netflix?
What is the number of months that Kingda Ka was closed after being struck by lightning in 2009?
Who is Devon's midwife in Season 1 of Severance?
What famous line does Prince Aemond say to his mother, Alicent, when he loses his eye in House of the Dragon?
What is the forest cover area of Gujarat as reported in 2019 in square kilometers, according to the interpretation of IRS Resourcesat-2 LISS III satellite data from 2017?
In the 2004 Summer Olympics, how many bronze medals did Argentina win?
What was the name of the exhibition that Helen Franc curated while at the Pierpont Morgan Library?
What ultimate Frisbee team did Marques Brownlee play for in 2017?
In what year was Peicho Peev the Bulgarian chess International Master?
In which year, month, and day was the Colombian politician Maria Fernanda Cabal born?
In September 2022, biologists reported what number of Devils Hole Pupfish in Devils Hole, the most they'd observed in 19 years?
In July 2021, how much rainfall (in millimeters) was recorded in Al Ain due to cloud-seeding efforts?
For which years did the Kenyan politician Amason Kingi Jeffah serve as Minister for Fisheries Development?
What year was the municipality of Cucaita, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
At the 1964 Winter Olympics, how many medals did Italy win and what were the types of those medals?
What is the name of the entomologist who described the beetle species Conalia helva in 1862?
What is the name of India's first nano-satellite?
In ancient times, what was Wular Lake also known as?
On June 24, 2021, which political party did Hong Joon-pyo rejoin?
On which day and month of 1956 was a letter sent to Dr. Rajendra Prasad, President of the Indian Union, by A.C. Bhaktivedanta, also known as A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada?
What was the name of the younger brother of Mukul Chandra Dey who was a member of the Progressive Artists' Group and a prominent painter of the Bengal School of Art?
In which year was John B. Mortimer appointed a Judge of the High Court of Hong Kong?
In which meiosis phase do the meiotic spindle fibers at each pole of the cell attach to each other's sister chromatids?
What is the name of Track 6 on the Mario Kart 64 Greatest Hits Soundtrack released in 1997?
What is the name of the illness, as it was known at that time, from which Anna, the daughter of Sir James Augustus Henry Murray, the primary editor of the Oxford English Dictionary from 1879, died?
What month, day, and year did Juanita Bynum and Thomas Weeks III marry?
What TV show did Kim Fields announce that she was expecting her second son?
In the standard edition of Ciara's album "Jackie," what is the name of the sixth track?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Perkin Prize for Organic Chemistry in 2017?
According to the last population update in 2010, the rural locality of Taz Russky in the Klyapovskoye Rural Settlement of Russia has a population of what?
What day, month, and year did the SS Olympia (1883) wreck?
What was the full name of the Indian medical doctor and surgical oncologist who received the Padma Shri and the Lal Bahadur Shastri National Award in January and October 2013, respectively?
In which day, month, and year was the song written by Pedro Medina Avendaño declared the national anthem of Bogotá?
In Season 4, Episode 5 of Gossip Girl, what did Vanessa Abrams steal from Serena van der Woodsen in the coat check?
Name the university in Gaza from which Motaz Azaiza graduated in 2021.
What is the name of the sculpture Louise Bourgeois created in 1985?
Which football team won the first and only ELFA Challenge Cup competition in 1922?
In which Rhode Island town was Shaker musician Ruth Mildred Barker born?
In which episode and season of Rick and Morty does Abradolf Lincler appear? Give me the number and title.
Who was awarded the John J. Carty Award for the Advancement of Science in 2008?
What is the character name and surname of the Major whose son is held captive by the Russians in Season 1, Episode 2 of the television series Airwolf?
What was the name of the gallery at Blenheim Palace that was destroyed by fire in 1861?
What were the month and year when Obama launched the Priority Enforcement Program, an immigration enforcement program that had been pioneered by George W. Bush, and the Secure Communities fingerprinting and immigration status data-sharing program?
In what year was Valery Matveevich Panov awarded the Lenin Prize?
What is the name of the person who explored and named Bikini Atoll "Eschscholtz Atoll"?
On the Bannerman family crest, what is the man holding in his right hand?
In what minute was the first try of the game scored in the rugby match between Spain and Romania that was part of the 2022 Rugby Europe Championship on February 27, 2022?
In what year did John Lawrence LeConte travel to California via Panama?
In which district is the Syrian village "Kafr al-Awamid" located?
What day, month, and year was Terraria version 1.3.5.2 released?
In which episode of Community does Shirley Bennett say, "The Bible doesn't recognize divorce, Britta! When you marry a man, he's your man!"?
What song from "Hamilton" reflects this message: "Amidst Eliza begging Hamilton to stay and Angelica moving to London with her new husband"?
In which year did the UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights issue a document called "Human Rights and Intellectual Property" that argued that intellectual property tends to be governed by economic goals when it should be viewed primarily as a social product? To serve human well-being, intellectual property systems must respect and conform to human rights laws.
What month, day, and year was Briana Scurry elected to the National Soccer Hall of Fame?
In what month and year was Spencer Perceval elected Attorney General for England and Wales?
Who was the spouse of the Indian gangster and politician Santokben Jadeja?
What city did Anselm Kiefer have his first solo exhibition?
What was the last thing Father Martin said before he was burned alive in the 2013 video game "Outlast"?
In what month and year did New York State Representative Paul Tonko resign as CEO of the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority?
In what year was the beetle species Conalia baudii described?
In what year did William John Youden publish his first paper on statistical methods?
What are the dimensions of Janine Antoni's 2015 work, "Lull," in inches?
Who invited Isadora Duncan to tour with them in 1902?
What is the value assigned to the 'k' argument in the Partitioning Around Medoids algorithm in the right-side plot of Figure 9 in the paper "Generating Semantic Maps through Multidimensional Scaling: Linguistic Applications and Theory"?
What was the name of Helmut Lang's solo exhibition in New York in 2017?
What candidate in Season 11 of The Bachelorette was an amateur sex coach?
What grade did Rosie Perez learn that she had a speech impediment?
What's the DOI of the paper 'Towards an Explanation of the Syntax of West Germanic Particle Verbs: A Cognitive-Pragmatic View' by Thomas Berg?
In what year did the Computer History Museum have its first exhibit?
In which episode of Season 5 does the British period drama Downton Abbey refer to the Jallianwala Bagh massacre?
How many lamps did the original Cape Hatteras Lighthouse contain?
What fellowship was Zanele Muholi awarded in 2006?
In the late 1950s, Lygia Pape created a new type of performance named what?
On what day, month, and year was Cities: Skylines released for Google Stadia?
What day, month, and year did the singer and actress Vanessa Hudgens marry Cole Tucker?
What was the maximum takeoff weight of the Brewster F2A-3 Buffalo (1937) in kilograms?
In the 2020s, Kanye West made a song heavily referencing Junya Watanabe. What album is this song from?
On what day, month, and year did the Brazilian mathematician Leopoldo Luis Cabo Penna Franca marry Ana Cristina Leonardos?
In what year did Anne Golden become the first woman to chair the American Heart Association board of directors?
What year was the Progress Rail PR43C retired?
What were the day, month, and year when Dior Homme's lead designer Patrick Lavoix was replaced by Hedi Slimane?
What is the name of the writing that Yayoi Kusama published in 2005?
What was the nickname of Wiley Lee Griggs III, an American Negro League infielder?
What is the title of the firework display that Cornelia Parker showed at the opening of Jupiter Artland?
At what time to the nearest second did Tomas Paprstka end the race, ranking in the first position, in the 2010 UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships – Men's junior race?
What does Irving see coming out of his desk while hallucinating in Season 1, Episode 2 of Severance?
How many songs did Narayan Gopal release during his lifetime?
In what year was James Barry, 4th Earl of Barrymore, first elected Tory MP for Stockbridge for the British House of Commons?
When was the Wayback Machine launched privately? Please give the month, day, and year.
What is the full name of the streamer Valkyrae, an American live streamer and YouTuber?
Which hill station is known as "The Gateway to Ladakh"?
What is the DrugBank accession number of Axitinib, a small molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitor developed by Pfizer?
Which day, month, and year was Admiral Royal Eason Ingersoll designated as the Commander in Chief, U.S. Atlantic Fleet?
On which game version was The International 2014 of Dota 2 played?
Who won the Benjamin Franklin Medal for Computer and Cognitive Science in 2003?
Who was appointed Lucasian Professor of Mathematics in 1828?
What year was Willer Bordon elected to the Italian Parliament?
What are the notes of the bebop scale in Key A major?
What is the state highway road number of the Ammaianaikanur-Vathalagundu Road under the Dindigul division of Tamil Nadu, India?
On what day, month, and year did Ignaz Alberti, an Austrian illustrator, engraver, and book printer, die?
Who was the 2018 ACM Eugene L. Lawler Award recipient?
Which two architects built the Pizzurno Palace?
What was the name of the venue where the 1998 Scandinavian Masters golf tournament happened?
From which Louisiana university did former Belizean Prime Minister Manuel Esquivel earn his B.S. degree in physics?
What is the name of the particular district having the Regional Transport Office (RTO) code NL-04 in Nagaland, India?
What character other than Vax'ildan did Liam O'Brien play during Critical Role's "Dalen's Closet" one-shot?
Who launched the logo for the GI (Geographical Indication) Tag?
On what day, month, and year was Petra Văideanu (retired Romanian heptathlete) born?
In what year was the beetle species Conalia melanops described?
Which school in Kingston did Harry Belafonte attend?
In which year, month, and day was the app Snapchat created?
Who were the two runners-up on Season 4 of RPDR?
In which city of Pakistan is Gasho Lake located?
Who was the first to describe Pterolophia exigua?
Between 1981 and 1983, where was Christopher Nolan enrolled?
How many seconds is the very first video ever uploaded to YouTube?
What is the name of the tennis player who faced a disciplinary probe and was fined for walking off the court during the ATP 500 event at Acapulco, Mexico in March 2021?
Which law school was Natasha Merle a lecturer at from 2020 to 2021?
Which zoologist first described Fea's petrel as a distinct species in 1900?
On what day, month, and year did Jacob H. Bromwell, a U.S. Representative, die?
On 15 May 1946, who commissioned the USCGC Eagle (WIX-327) into the United States Coast Guard?
Which university awarded Pieter Bleeker a Doctorate Honoris Causa first in 1846 for his work in ichthyology and tropical medicine?
In what year did Nikolai Andreev win the Leelavati Award?
How many summer pasture sites, with 5% sampling intensity, were selected from the study area for the article "The local medicinal plant knowledge in Kashmir Western Himalaya: A way to foster ecological transition via community-centered health-seeking strategies"?
In which genus was the orange-spotted bulbul originally described in 1821?
During which year of the International São Paulo Biennial in Brazil was Kara Walker the United States representative?
On what day, month, and year was Carl Olof Trygg, one of the recognized Swedish masters of 20th-century woodcarving, born?
On The Flintstones, what is the name of the character that delivers newspapers?
Who won the gold medal in the women's individual foil during the 1964 Summer Olympics?
What year was the municipality of Güicán, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
Which lake in Kashmir, India, is known as "the jewel in the ring"?
What is the real field of view for the Canon 12 x 32 IS Binoculars in degrees?
Who was the first holder of the position of Prosecutor General of the Republic of Brazil (Procurador-Geral da República)?
In which competition did Ken Kesey place second in his weight class in 1957?
In which month of 1993 was the Jianbing-93 spacecraft launched?
When was the album "When the Sun Goes Down" by Selena Gomez released in Japan (specific day, month, and year)?
On what date, month, and year was the Indian politician T. M. Selvaganapathy acquitted by the High Court in connection to the Pleasant Stay hotel case?
Which district did Mary Ann Arty serve in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1981?
What was the name of the male victim in the famous 2012 Delhi gang rape and murder, commonly known as the "Nirbhaya case"?
How many contestants quit during Season 2 of The Bachelor?
What is the maximum width of Gangabal Lake in kilometers?
In which year was the municipality of Pachavita, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
What was the title of the episode of *River Monsters* in which Jeremy Wade caught a Japanese giant salamander by hand?
Within plus or minus one minute, when did Costacurta receive a yellow card in the Champions League semi-final match between Barcelona and Milan on April 27, 2006?
The Community Hall (23 Grenville Street), purchased in 1935 by a group of residents in Burritts Rapids, Ontario, was built in 1840 as a general store by a man named what?
In what year was Lars Gårding awarded a Ph.D. for his thesis "On a Class of Linear Transformations Connected with Group Representations"?
What did Norman Rockwell name his first assignment for "Look" magazine?
On what day, month, and year did the chemist and physicist Katharine Burr Blodgett issue the U.S. patent for "Method of Forming Semiconducting Layers on Glass and Article Formed Thereby"?
For how many scudi did the Florentine authorities buy the "Pitti Tondo" from the dealer Fedele Acciai in 1823?
Between which years was Kenneth Jinghwa Hsu a professor of geology at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH Zürich)?
What is the poison resistance value on the Brushwood Helmet from Demon's Souls (2009)?
What is the father's name of the 2015 MLA of Matia Mahal?
What was Yangyi Yu's score in the 2020 Tata Steel Masters?
What day, month, and year was Nathalie Ménigon born?
In which season, episode number, and title of the TV series Community was Chang overthrown as the leader of Greendale?
Who was Robert J. Mrazek's first wife?
What year was the municipality of Titiribí, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
How many years after his diagnosis did John Harry Dunning pass away?
In which season and episode of South Park does Randy become a chef at South Park Elementary?
In what month and year did Gavino Angius become one of the vice-presidents of the Italian Senate?
"Storyteller," an album by Carrie Underwood, has a Target exclusive edition that is how many minutes and seconds long?
What was the first line after the salutation in the letter sent to Gosvami Maharaja by A.C. Bhaktivedanta, also known as A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada, on September 19, 1955?
What specific day, month, and year was Beyoncé's album "Lemonade" certified platinum by the British Phonographic Industry?
Who bought a piece of artwork by Andy Warhol in 2022 for nearly $200 million USD at Christie's New York?
How many new subclasses were introduced in Tasha's Cauldron of Everything (not including reprints from previous books)?
What was James Zwerg's father's profession?
What day, month, and year did Gavin McInnes's personal Twitter account get permanently suspended?
What are the five keywords of the paper "Semantic Maps of Causation: New Hybrid Approaches Based on Corpora and Grammar Descriptions" as of its publication on June 9, 2022?
What is the name of Vivienne Westwood's Autumn-Winter 1984/1985 collection?
Who became the first person to complete a solo swim around Portsea Island recognized by the British Long Distance Swimming Association?
What are the day, month, and year of the first time Virginia Tech and Alabama played a football game at Virginia Tech?
On what day, month, and year did Olton Willem van Genderen, a Surinamese civil servant and politician, die?
Who won the Benjamin Franklin Medal for Computer and Cognitive Science in 2012?
In which Tokyo venue was P-Model's live album *Pause* recorded?
What is the second vampire number in recreational mathematics?
As of 2022, what's the election symbol of the Loktantrik Samajwadi Party of Nepal?
In which year did Zhuo Qun Song get a perfect score at the IMO (International Mathematical Olympiad)?
Who was the commencement speaker at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in 1994?
What system did Thomas Edison begin to develop in 1874?
What's the title of Section 4.3.2 in the paper 'Generating semantic maps through multidimensional scaling: linguistic applications and theory'?
At Expo 2000 in Hanover, Germany, which country's pavilion had the Expo's tallest structure?
What is the total number of pixels for the Sony Alpha 1?
What was the original name of the town of Dolores, Abra, Philippines?
Which of Smith Wigglesworth's grandchildren became the president of Elim Pentecostal Church?
Who was the Ambassador of India to the Soviet Union from 1949 to 1952?
What day, month, and year was the municipality of Peque, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
On what day, month, and year was Homma Gaku, a Japanese aikido teacher and author of 'Children and the Martial Arts,' born?
Who preceded Eduardo Laurencena as President of the National Committee of the UCR?
What relation is David W. Duclon to Cherie Johnson?
How many years did Adil Hussain work at 'Hengul Theater' before moving to Delhi?
The Honeybee Conservancy founder Guillermo Fernandez was a child immigrant from which country?
On August 2, 2017, the Supreme Court of India sentenced Neera Yadav, a former officer of the Indian Administrative Service (IAS), to how many years of imprisonment in the Noida land allotment scam?
For how many years did Bakshi Ghulam Mohammad serve Jammu and Kashmir as Prime Minister?
What was the length of Amal Kumar Sarkar's tenure as Chief Justice of India in days?
How many children did Irish mathematician Gerard John Murphy and Mary O'Hanlon have together?
In which episode and season of Rick and Morty does Morty commit suicide by cop? Give me the number and title.
Who gave the name Breng to Kokernag, a tourist place in the Kashmir Valley?
In which year did Somnath Bharti represent Vikram Buddhi and lead a movement against the abeyance of his sentencing in the USA?
In front of which important Tartu building is the Kissing Students Fountain located?
What were the day, month, and year when Google introduced the native dark theme for Chrome on Windows 10?
On what day, month, and year was Ahmed Samir Farag, an Egyptian footballer, born?
According to Karl Küchler, what was the name of the hereditary disease that the House of Wittelsbach had, which would become more pronounced in Empress Elisabeth?
In what month, date, and year did Jarrette Jones from the American version of "Love Is Blind" Season 2 announce his separation?
What venue did Ciara perform at on May 27, 2015, for her Jackie tour?
In 2022, on which date and month was the news channel 'World Is One News' (WION) blocked from YouTube for "violating YouTube's community guidelines" regarding the "Russia-Ukraine War"?
In the 1992 Canadian Open (tennis), which two athletes were the runners-up in the men's doubles?
In honor of whom was the role of Poet Laureate of Ontario established?
Who was the first fashion designer to stream a runway show online?
What number of sets does the discontinued Lego part ID 4178 appear in?
What was the name of the magazine in which American music producer George Avakian had his first professional writing assignment?
What day, month, and year was Louis Armstrong arrested and spent the night at New Orleans Juvenile Court?
What are the names of the two creators of the Milestone Comics character "Buck Wild?"
For which song was Vibha Saraf nominated for Best Female Playback Singer at the 20th International Indian Film Academy Awards?
What month and year did Green Was Greener release their album "Love Divine"?
On what day, month, and year was the case of Arthur J. Lomax v. Christina Ortiz-Marquez decided in the Supreme Court of the United States?
At which U.S. observatory was 66 Maja discovered?
What place did Starr Andrews come in at the novice level at the 2016 U.S. Championships?
What is the name of the sculpture Louise Bourgeois created in 1955?
What was the name of the fifth track on the studio album released by Brenda Fassie in August 1996?
How old was Clint Ballard Jr. when he attended a musical program for gifted students at the University of North Texas?
On what day, month, and year did Amédée Gibaud, a French chess master, die?
In what season of Sister, Sister was "The Road Less Traveled" included?
From which university did Sergio Fajardo Valderrama receive his M.Sc. in Mathematics?
Who is the voice actor for Tsubomi in all three seasons of Mob Psycho 100's German dub?
On what day, month, and year was William Hodgson "Hod" Stuart suspended from the league before the start of the 1905–06 season?
In which year was the John Brophy Award first awarded?
What are the first and last names of the designer of 50 francs with the Little Prince images?
In April 2018, who won the Shorty Awards Creator of the Decade?
In which year and month were the Milwaukee Bucks of the National Basketball Association (NBA) the victim of this type of cyber scam, with a perpetrator impersonating the team's president Peter Feigin, resulting in the handover of all the team's employees' 2015 W-2 tax forms?
What cabinet position did Sir Hector-Louis Langevin hold in 1870?
In which NYC borough was painter Benjamin Abramowitz born in 1917?
What is the Regional Transport Office (RTO) code for the Phek district location in Nagaland, India?
In which season and episode of Peaky Blinders does John get married?
Who was the first person to catch 1 million Pokémon in Pokémon Go?
What are the names of the two scientists who received the Salem Prize after the year Akshay Venkatesh received his?
From which university did Teresa Czerwińska earn her Ph.D.?
What is the KEGG of Allopurinol, a medication used to decrease high blood uric acid levels?
What town was Hollywood Dun It's breeder from?
Who designed the software for the first transistor-based computer, Philco Transac S-2000?
How many languages were analyzed in the paper "Identifying Semantic Role Clusters and Alignment Types via Microrole Coexpression Tendencies" to visualize coexpression tendencies using quantitative methods?
How many dollars did artist J.C. Leyendecker's painting "Carousel Ride" sell for in December 2020?
How many years did Burt work in the Optics and Design department in the show "Severance"?
Which Terraria patch added the secret world seed Celebrationmk10?
Which player character in Exandria Unlimited: Calamity was Sam Riegel's character, Loquatius, previously married to, and who was that character's player?
In the 2021 research paper titled "EEG-Based Driving Fatigue Detection Using a Two-Level Learning Hierarchy Radial Basis Function" by Ziwu Ren et al., what was the mean accuracy of the proposed RBF-TLLH approach for fatigue vs. alert classification?
What is the percentage of the natural occurrence of the stable tantalum isotope 180m?
In what city did the English mathematician Brian Griffiths pass away?
Which place is the first Ramsar wetland site in Goa?
What was the municipality of Yarumal, Antioquia, Colombia, originally named when it was first founded?
What is the population of Honda, a town and municipality in the Tolima department of Colombia, as of the 2018 census?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Materials for Industry - Derek Birchall Award in 2013?
In "The Young and the Restless" series, which friend of Victoria's did her father marry?
In what year did Harry G. Drickamer win the Irving Langmuir Award?
What two colors was Jasmine Jolene's corpse's dress in the original BioShock from 2007?
When, as in day, month, and year, was "Stolen Mic's Dumb Kid" released?
Which place in the Jammu division is known as Chota Kashi?
What day, month, and year did the Nvidia GeForce GTX 460 SE (2010) launch?
What is the name of the recipient of the Dickson Prize in Medicine in 1981?
Who was the first female president of Panama?
Who is the municipality of Donmatías, Antioquia, Colombia, named after?
What is the name of Vivienne Westwood's Spring-Summer 1983 collection?
For how many years was the original Omsund Bridge in Kristiansund, Norway, in use?
When (month, day, year) was the first-ever Whittier Comic Fest in Whittier, California?
What day, month, and year did David Spence Thomson (New Zealand politician) pass away?
How many Big East Championships did Frank Beamer win?
Which piece of art by Raphael was sold by Joseph Joel Duveen to Peter Arrell Browne Widener in 1913?
What year did Karl August Folkers receive the American Chemical Society Award in Pure Chemistry?
For which work was Barbara Sinclair awarded the 1992 D.B. Hardeman Prize?
What did the artist Lygia Pape initially study in university?
For how many consecutive terms was the Indian politician Babanrao Shankar Gholap, alias Nana, elected to the Vidhan Sabha?
What day was the Museo de Bellas Artes in Buenos Aires officially opened?
In what year did Richard Diebenkorn begin teaching at the California College of Arts and Crafts?
Maison Margiela's Fall-Winter 1994 collection was inspired by what toy?
What day, month, and year was Terraria desktop version 1.4.3.2 released?
What were the day, month, and year when Pakistan International Airlines Fokker 27 was hijacked en route to Karachi from Sukkur?
In what year was the Belgian mathematician Jacques Neveu awarded his doctorate for his thesis "Etude des semi-groupes de Markoff"?
What high school did Carla Hall graduate from in Nashville, TN?
How many symphonies did the Estonian composer Els Aarne write?
What was the length of Bhuvaneshwar Prasad Sinha's tenure as the Chief Justice of India in years and days?
What is the half-life, in years, of the synthetic element tantalum-179?
How many yellow cards did Fabinho from Liverpool have in the 2021-2022 Premier League season?
After completing his studies at Harvard, Heisuke Hironaka was appointed to the staff at which university?
What total number of newly discovered pieces of music by Maddalena Casulana were played for the first time in 400 years on March 8, 2022, as part of BBC Radio 3's programming for International Women's Day?
How many minutes and seconds long is the song "Cats, Sex and Nazis" from the album "Why Do They Call Me Mr. Happy?" by Nomeansno?
In which year was photographer Ruth Bernhard inducted into the Women's Caucus for Art?
In which year was the Kashmiri singer named Ghulam Hassan Sofi born?
From which date, month, and year to which date, month, and year did the Indian politician Anant Geete serve as the Minister of Power in the Indian government?
In which year did Lotfi A. Zadeh (mathematician, computer scientist, and electrical engineer) receive the Eringen Medal?
In which year did Michaela Hübschle, the former Namibian Deputy Minister for Prisons and Correctional Services, lose her husband?
In which city was John Gilbert Layton raised?
What were the day, month, and year when Twitter tested a new homepage and phased out the "Old Twitter"?
Who parachuted off the 267 m high (876-ft) New River Gorge Bridge near Fayetteville, West Virginia, USA, on 19 October 2013, at the age of 84 years and 37 days?
Who was awarded the Romer-Simpson Medal in 1997?
What was Don Simpson's occupation after graduating from college?
How many voices does the Yamaha SHS-10 (1987) contain onboard?
Which hotel was awarded World's Leading Adventure Hotel 2022?
Which scientist received the Gilbert Morgan Smith Medal in 2000?
In what year did Bahattin Baysal win the TÜBİTAK Science Award?
Who are the parents of Eleanor Manning O'Connor?
What day, month, and year did Carrie Underwood reveal the track listing for her album "Storyteller"?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Irving Langmuir Award in 1977?
What is the maximum length of the Aegean Sea in miles?
On what day, month, and year did the 1st ASEM Environment Ministers' Meeting (ASEMEnvMM1) begin?
Who is the second author of "The Combined Effect of Air Layers and Membrane Superhydrophobicity on Biofouling in Membrane Distillation"?
In the 2007 Super 14 season, who were the two rugby teams that played in Ellis Park Stadium on February 2, 2007?
What TTRPG won the 2016 Indie RPG of the Year award?
How tall in feet is Zerxus from Exandria Unlimited: Calamity?
What year was the term "audio-animatronic" first used by Walt Disney?
In what city was Shirin Neshat's first solo exhibition?
In which year did The MOI! Project (Museums of Impact), a part of the Creative Europe program, finish?
In what year did Willis H. Flygare win the Irving Langmuir Award?
What was the name of the act passed by Congress that allowed Puerto Rico to elect its own governor?
What university did Mustafa Adebayo Balogun, former Inspector General of Police (Nigeria), obtain a law degree from?
From what year in the 1800s did Nikolai Christian Grove Prebensen serve as the County Governor of Aust-Agder in Norway?
Who created the cover artwork for Heavatar's "All My Kingdoms"?
What is the name of the mayor who laid the keystone for the "Coburg City Band and Truby King Rooms"?
In Table 2 in the Transformer paper (2017), which two languages did they use for their translation results?
In February 2005, the name of the "Japanese Association of Mathematical Sciences" (JAMS) was changed to what?
Who did John Chapple, an employee of Buckingham Palace, need to notify of the Queen's passing when Queen Elizabeth II died on September 8, 2022, as part of his official duties?
How many teraelectronvolts (TeV) of energy per beam were achieved in the first collisions of the Large Hadron Collider in 2010?
What scholarship did Adil Hussain use to study at the Drama Studio London?
Who was declared the first winner of the Hutter Prize and awarded 3,416 euros?
What was the street address of the studio George Reid and Mary Hiester established after they settled in Toronto following their honeymoon?
Who was Raquel Meller's first husband?
In which year was the IFT Industrial Scientist Award, awarded by the Institute of Food Technologists for scientists, first awarded?
To which section of the paper "Identifying semantic role clusters and alignment types via microrole coexpression tendencies" does the title "Microrole Coexpression in 25 Languages" correspond?
What is the surname of the individual who was awarded the Francis P. Garvan–John M. Olin Medal in 1957?
Which village in Ontario was first settled in 1824 by Mr. A. Hurd, and had the Post Office established in 1836, with Mr. J. Leach being the first Postmaster, according to "Conner & Coltson's Directory of the County of Ontario for 1869-70"?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Linus Pauling Award in 1977?
On which year was China Zorrilla invested Chevalier des Arts et des Lettres?
In which year did Parastou Forouhar (an Iranian artist) receive the "Sophie von La Roche" Award?
Who was the first person to conduct substantial research in the field he called machine intelligence?
Which scientist was the recipient of the John Tuzo Wilson Medal in 1996?
What is the name of the town in which American politician Charles Allen Parker Bartlett was born in 1880?
In what year was Edward Morris, the Welsh international footballer, born?
In what year was Peter Scholze appointed the Chancellor's Professor at the University of California, Berkeley?
What was the cause of death for Tom Van Meter, a former member of the Ohio General Assembly?
In what month and year was Barry Goldwater's fourth child born?
What year was the municipality of Chíquiza, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
On Ally McBeal, what is the name of the episode in which Tina Turner played herself?
What were the names of the two astronomers who discovered the 435 Ella in 1898 in Germany?
The 16th North East Region Commonwealth Parliamentary Association (NERCPA) conference has started in which city?
What is the other name for the "Sangeet Natak Akademi Award"?
Which engineer received the Worcester Reed Warner Medal in 1934?
Until what year did racing car designer Mauro Forghieri serve as Bugatti Automobili S.p.A.'s technical director?
What song in Beyoncé's album Lemonade is three minutes and sixteen seconds long?
In the research paper titled "Detecting Driver Mental Fatigue Based on EEG Alpha Power Changes During Simulated Driving" by Faramarz Gharagozlou et al., what is the name of the university where the overnight study took place?
What Toronto Library collection was established in 1977, named after the children's librarian and head of the TPL?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Sir George Stokes Award (colloquially the Stokes Medal) in 1999?
On what day, month, and year did ASEAN and ASEAN+3 health ministers meet in response to the H1N1 pandemic?
On the first episode of the BBC show Dragon's Den in Series 19, Steven Bartlett invested in a company. What is the name of this company?
What was the 2020 Word of the Year according to the American Dialect Society?
In which year was Ruth Wilson Gilmore honored with a mural painted in New Haven, Connecticut?
In which month and year did the UN General Assembly unanimously elect Maurice Strong to be the first head of the UN Environment?
How many papers did Kunihiko Kodaira publish by 1941?
What number is the painting "The Meeting at Křížky" in The Slav Epic?
According to "A Survey of London; Reprinted From the Text of 1603," in 1206, 1220, 1224, and 1243, Crown pleas were heard in the Tower of London, with William of York, Richard Passelew, Henry Bathe, and which other justice presiding?
India’s first-ever rural LED Street Lighting Project was set up in which state?
In what year was the mechanical engineer Lloyd Hamilton Donnell awarded the American Society of Mechanical Engineers Medal?
How tall exactly (in meters) is the outdoor kinetic sculpture 'Head of Franz Kafka' installed in Prague?
In what year was the Society of Illustrators' first Annual Exhibition held?
What year did NBC acquire the broadcast rights to The Wizard of Oz from CBS?
Which district in Orissa is famous for Kaala Jeera rice?
Which Indian state is also known as Veer Bhumi?
What is the name of the record company that invited American music producer George Avakian to produce "Chicago Jazz"?
What year was the municipality of Necoclí, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
Who gave the concept of psychic secretion?
Which sculpture is the earliest known work by Gian Lorenzo Bernini?
What were the year and month when Jonathan Faull, the head of the EU's Commission of Home Affairs, complained about the United States' bilateral policy concerning PNR?
Since what year has the Bader Award for Organic Chemistry been awarded?
In what year was Phillip Paul Bliss, famous Christian songwriter, appointed as a teacher in the Rome, Pennsylvania Academy?
In Season 4, Episode 1 of *River Monsters*, what kind of fish does Jeremy Wade investigate in the Lake of the Ozarks?
Within plus or minus one minute, when was Müller substituted in the 2014 Champions League semi-final Real Madrid vs. Bayern match?
Which artist won the Maine Organic Farmers and Gardeners Association's art contest to be featured on the 2014 Common Ground Country Fair poster?
Under what name did Bitstream release a digital version of Sabon?
What was Tim Wakefield's ERA during the '04 World Series?
In what year was the Penny Crane Award for Distinguished Service established?
What is the number and name of the asteroid that is astronomer Paul Henry's first credited asteroid discovery?
What is the name of the fourth track on the standard edition of Selena Gomez's album, "Stars Dance"?
On what date, month, and year was Alyaksandr Buloychyk, a professional footballer, born?
Which city hosted the India-Bangladesh SAMPRITI-IX joint military exercise?
What is the number and name of the sole asteroid that was discovered by Joseph Jean Pierre Laurent?
What were the first, middle, and last names of the 13th Deputy Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan?
At what school, founded in 1956 by the Dominicans in Cali, was the Colombian mathematician José Fernando Escobar educated?
On which day, month, and year was Limpho Hani born?
How old was Hetty King when she first appeared on the stage of the Shoreditch Theatre?
Give the abbreviated name of the launch vehicle, along with its mission or flight number, used for carrying the EOS-02 satellite launched from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre in India in 2022.
What month, day, and year did Tammy Faye Messner marry her second husband, Roe Messner?
In 2022, how much money in US dollars did one person win from a $1 superfecta bet at the Mohegan Sun sportsbook?
Which premier halted the construction of the Spadina Expressway in 1971?
What are the season number, episode number, and title of the "Community" episode in which Troy's grandma hit Britta?
In what year did Celal Şengör win the TÜBİTAK Science Award?
What was John Graham Lough's cause of death?
On what day, month, and year did James Lovelock appear on the Radio Four series "The Life Scientific," talking to Jim Al-Khalili about the Gaia hypothesis?
How many children did Admiral Charles Philip Snyder and Cornelia Lee Wolcott have?
Which official honor did David Crombie receive in 2012?
In what year was chemist Eduard Buchner promoted from assistant lecturer to lecturer at the University of Munich?
In what year did Gerald M. Friedman receive the William Henry Twenhofel Medal?
What day, month, and year was the municipality of Valdivia, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
What is the MD5 checksum of the file named "ffrelay-debian-4.30.ggi.zip," with the product name "FinFisher Relay v4.30" and a file size of 224K, which was released by WikiLeaks?
In which journal was the paper "Multidimensional Scaling and Other Techniques for Uncovering Universals" published?
In what year was Glipodes dietrichi described by Franciscolo?
In which month and year did Apple stop referring to Darwin by name on its website?
What year was the third edition of the Yale Bright Star Catalogue published?
What month and year was the Tigray People's Liberation Front removed from the list of terrorist organizations by the Ethiopian government?
On which month and year did Sony announce the PlayStation 5?
In what year did Danish mathematician and astronomer Niels Erik Norlund set up seismographic stations in Denmark and Greenland?
What year was the first time that William Kentridge was awarded the Honorary Doctorate of Vrije Universiteit Brussel?
What was the year when Clifford Cunnell made his debut in the Minor Counties Championship?
On what date (day/month/year) was the Q-Ship “Salvia” (alias Q-15) struck by a torpedo at Lat. 52.15N, Long. 16.13W?
In 2004, what album was ranked number one in the Billboard Top Dance/Electronic Albums Year-End chart?
What was the Sky EPG number of Game Network when it launched in the United Kingdom in May 2001?
In the 2020 census, what was the population of Boliney, Abra, Philippines?
On what date, month, and year did Pakistani President Arif Alvi confer Nishan-e-Pakistan on Syed Ali Shah Geelani to recognize his decades-long struggle for Kashmiris' right to self-determination?
What is the height (in feet) of Taipei 101?
During which tour was Ghost's Papa Nihil resurrected?
From which school did Gloria Hemingway obtain a medical degree?
What place did the album "I Am... Sasha Fierce" by Beyoncé place in the year-end 2010 Australian Albums (ARIA) charts?
On which day, month, and year was the Marathi daily broadsheet newspaper Bahujanratna Loknayak founded?
Who was the recipient of the John Tuzo Wilson Medal in 1986?
Who won the second set in the match between Jaume Munar and Stefanos Tsitsipas in the 2020 French Open Men's Singles?
Which day, month, and year did Şahika Ercümen break a world record in the VNF category at Kaş, Antalya, Turkey, with 100 m?
From which university did computer scientist Andrea Arpaci-Dusseau earn her bachelor's degree in 1991?
What is the name of the documentary Ellen Kuzwayo was involved in with Betty Wolpert in 1982?
In which year was computer scientist Elizabeth Michelle Belding named a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers?
What is the third-tallest mountain in Romania?
On what day, month, and year was Vincent Boury, the French table tennis player who won gold at the 2008 Summer Paralympics, born?
What day, month, and year was the boxer Sergei Kobozev reported missing by his girlfriend?
In which year did Mary Hawton marry Keith Ernest Hawton?
Which non-profit organization did Sidney Abbott establish in 2007?
Who was Carlos Menem's first Minister of Social Assistance and Public Health?
What issue of Clash magazine did Dua Lipa appear on the cover of in Jan. 2017?
In which year was John B. Goodenough elected a Foreign Member of the Royal Society?
Who made an assassination attempt on President Mikhail Gorbachev's life in 1990?
What was the name of the contestant who represented Argentina at the Miss World 1966 beauty pageant?
Between which two latitudes does Ghana lie?
What is the ChemSpider ID of diazinon?
What day, month, and year was The Legend of Heroes: Zero no Kiseki original soundtrack released?
Which team won the 2016–17 Championnat LNA season (86th season of the top-tier basketball league in Switzerland)?
Who painted "The Octoroon Girl" in 1925?
In what year did conductor David Randolph marry Mildred Greenberg?
What age was García Bernal when he taught Indigenous people in Mexico to read?
In which three states did members of the storm chasing and spotting communities coordinate a GPS-based tribute to spell out the initials of Tim Samaras, Paul Samaras, and Carl Young on June 2nd, following the 2013 El Reno tornado?
Who are the five judges of the Supreme Court who restored the awards and delivered a judgment that the "Bharat Ratna and Padma awards are not titles under Article 18 of the Constitution of India?"
With which scientist did Vincent Joseph Schaefer issue the U.S. patent for the "Electrical Indicator of Mechanical Expansion" in 1947?
On what day, month, and year was Kommunistisk Forbund founded?
What is the name of track 9 on disc 2 of The Legend of Heroes: Zero no Kiseki original soundtrack from 2010?
How many deaths were caused by an amoebic dysentery outbreak at the Century of Progress World's Fair?
On which specific date was the 1989 Nigerien constitutional referendum held?
What year was the municipality of El Retiro, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
What is the forest cover area of Bihar in square kilometers according to the India State of Forest Report 2019?
In what year did Etta Cone commission Henri Matisse to make a posthumous portrait of Claribel Cone?
In what year was the Logic Theorist computer program written?
Who was Raúl Alfonsín's first Minister of Health and Social Development?
In which city and state was Johnson O'Connor laid to rest?
Who was Markus Dörk's original replacement as guitarist for Blind Guardian?
In which year did Motaz Azaiza graduate from Al-Azhar University in Gaza?
What is the average depth of Manasbal Lake in meters and feet?
What was the name of the winner of the 1995 Scandinavian Masters golf tournament?
In which month and year was the "Hey Siri" feature updated to include individualized voice recognition, presumably to prevent non-owner activation?
Who murdered Vicky Fleming in the British drama series "Happy Valley"?
What were the day, month, and year of the Aseprite v1.3-beta1 release?
In Season 1 of the American version of "Big Brother," who was the saboteur?
What is the name of track number 6 on disc 1 of the Sen no Kiseki IV - The End of Saga - original soundtrack?
According to the 2011 census, what was the population of Anantnag district?
What day, month, and year was Janak Patel, a convenience store worker in Auckland, New Zealand, murdered during a robbery?
In what year was Clyde Pinelands Football Club established in Cape Town?
What was the surname of the recipient of the Nyholm Prize for Education in 1973-74?
Who is the potential suspect in the Ice Truck Killer case after the incident at the ice rink?
What element has the electron configuration [Ar]4s2 3d10 4p1?
Who did Gypsy-Rose marry in July 2022 while in prison?
What is the name of the first female president popularly elected as the head of state in East Asia?
How many feet deep is the Mississippi River at its source, Lake Itasca?
What song by Carla Bruni was used in the Chuck episode "Chuck vs. the First Class"?
What team drafted Sonny Wade in 1969?
What are the four classifications of techniques and methodologies for mental fatigue measurement mentioned in Faramarz Gharagozlou et al.'s 2015 research paper, "Detecting Driver Mental Fatigue Based on EEG Alpha Power Changes During Simulated Driving"?
Which 2016 IGN award did the TV series Hannibal not win?
Who sketched the "Taddei Tondo" soon after it arrived in England and wrote this to Sir George Beaumont: "Your important acquisition of the basso-relievo of Michael Angelo is still the chief talk of all our artists"?
What is the name of the university where American music producer George Avakian began teaching in 1948?
Which Illinois university did artist Herbert House graduate from?
How many years did Lillian Marie Bounds complete in business college?
Which year was György Lukács appointed as the Hungarian Minister of Culture?
Who won the Margaret Oakley Dayhoff Award in 2007?
What is Donnie McClurkin's son's name?
On what month, day, and year did Andrew Cuomo sign a bill to create Palm Tree, New York?
For how many English guineas did the Victoria and Albert Museum purchase the "Bust of Thomas Baker" by Gian Lorenzo Bernini in 1921?
On what day, month, and year did Matthew Perry die?
From 1st January 2015 to 5th February 2019, how many hectares of forest land were diverted in Goa for non-forestry purposes under the Forest Conservation Act of 1980 (MoEF&CC, 2019)?
From which university did Louise M. Antony (American philosopher) receive her bachelor's degree in philosophy?
What certification did Reba's album "So Good Together" receive from the United States (RIAA)?
What year was the municipality of Turbo, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
Which day, month, and year marked the beginning of Moncef Bey's reign?
In the Method of Counteracting Shrinkage section of the 1900 report "Clays of New York, Their Properties and Uses," which specific substance is described as possessing all the advantages of quartz as a diluent of shrinkage but has the advantage over it that it does not affect the fusibility of the clay?
What was the name of the 37-year-old woman who passed away in the Painted Cave Fire after fleeing the flames along San Marcos Road?
What is the name of the 2014 Autumn-Winter Undercover (by Jun Takahashi) clothing collection?
What was the name of the composer of the opening theme song for the radio program "The American Album of Familiar Music"?
What month, day, and year did Aaron Carter, the singer, die?
What is the Public Law statute for the Juneteenth National Independence Day Act?
What is the first and last name of the longest-serving prime minister of Israel?
What song's music video did Metal Injection rank at number 9 on the list of Top 15 Metal Viral Videos of the Year on December 8, 2011?
What is the full name of the 37th mayor of San Francisco in California from the 1900s?
What album is the song "God Is Alive, Magic Is Afoot" by Chris Thile on?
Who won the International Photography Awards' "International Photographer of the Year" award in 2003?
Who was the mother of Svetlana Alpers?
What is the total area in square yards for the Shahi Eidgah in Delhi?
How many sons did Charles Wheatstone have?
How was Raja Mohendra Pratap addressed in the salutation of the letter sent by Abhay Charan De, also known as A. C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada, on July 13, 1947?
Which sculptor designed the Order of the Liberator General San Martín?
On which day/month/year did South African architect Albertus Petrus Snyman Conradie die?
By which year was nitrous oxide the largest ozone-depleting substance (ODS) emitted through human activities?
"The Little Village that Grew," a local history published in 1987 and contributed to by the Northside Community Association, is about which Alberta village?
Who finished 14th in the 2021–22 Premier League season?
Who played Tiffany in the miniseries "The Last Don" (1997)?
On which day, month, and year was Susumu Tonegawa, the Nobel Prize winner in Physiology or Medicine (1987), born?
What date, as in day, month, and year, did Season 1 of Fleabag become available on Blu-ray disc in the UK?
On what day, month, and year did Floro Garrido, a Spanish retired footballer, die?
Which school did Carl Van Vechten graduate from in 1898?
In which year was the municipality of Motavita, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
What is the last line of "Land of the Rising Sun," the national anthem of the Republic of Biafra?
What is the title of Jerry Lee Lewis's 13th album?
In what year did Moses Cone and Bertha Lindau begin their year-long trip around the world?
In which year did the University of California, Santa Barbara scientist say they could further reduce travel time for a small robotic probe to Mars down to "as little as 72 hours" with the use of a laser-propelled sail (directed photonic propulsion) system instead of the fuel-based rocket propulsion system?
What is the name of the man who succeeded Gösta Mittag-Leffler as a professor of mathematics at Stockholm University in July 1911?
What were the year and month when Instagram also began to pilot the removal of the "Following" tab from the app, which had allowed users to view a feed of the likes and comments made by users they follow?
What date, month, and year was the outdoor sculpture 'Head of Franz Kafka' installed in Prague?
What patch number was the Space Creature set added to in Terraria?
Who won the 2003 SIGPLAN John C. Reynolds Doctoral Dissertation Award?
Who was the first female Deputy Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan?
In what year did William Bentinck, Duke of Portland, enter the House of Commons as a Member of Parliament for Weobley, Hertfordshire?
How many chimpanzees were observed with cold-like symptoms when the respiratory syncytial virus was discovered in 1956 from a laboratory chimpanzee with upper respiratory tract disease?
Which West Virginia bank did Colonel George Alexander Porterfield help found and work in as a cashier after the end of the Civil War?
What year was the chemist Katharine Burr Blodgett awarded the Photographic Society of America's Annual Achievement Award?
What award did Janice Burgess win at the 2008 Daytime Emmy Awards?
Name the leg spinner who became the first West Indian bowler to take ten wickets in a Test in 1948.
What were the first name, middle initial, and last name of the first resident scientist at The Metropolitan Museum of Art?
What were the day, month, and year when the Supreme Court of Korea sentenced the former employee of CJ CheilJedang to four years and six months in prison for blackmail and intimidation?
In what year were double-digit vehicle codes introduced in Japan for the first time?
In what year was the Ethiopian politician Billene Seyoum Woldeyes born?
What length in millimeters did the NS 4000 in the Netherlands have?
What year did Rosemarie Trockel start to use industrial knitting machines to make large paintings?
What was the name of the company that gave a second analysis of the photo with a presumed Tara Calico and a young boy?
What month, day, and year was Gwen Ifill honored on a U.S. postage stamp?
In what country is Ribes colandina found?
In what year was Pipilotti Rist awarded the 'Wolfgang Hahn Prize'?
How much money in dollars did Steven Furtick's church give to its members in 2007?
For approximately how many dollars did the Society of Illustrators purchase 128 East 63rd Street, New York, NY, in 1939?
What EP did Milet release in 2021?
In the TV series "I, Claudius," who played Gershom?
On what day, month, and year did Anil Biswas (an Indian communist politician) die?
What is the total number of passengers that died when KLM Flight 4805 and Pan Am Flight 1736 collided?
Which country won the Water/Wastewater Project of the Year Award at the 2018 Global Water Awards in Paris, France?
Name the dentist who died in May 2019 after being injured in an elevator crash at the Dr. Bhau Daji Lad Museum (BDL) in Mumbai on April 28.
In which Paris cemetery is Jacob Abraham Camille Pissarro’s youngest son buried?
Who won the International Photography Awards' International Photographer of the Year award in 2007?
Whose famous quotation did Thomas Edison have displayed on a placard over his desk?
In what year did Dr. Paris Pismis found the astrophysics program at the National Autonomous University of Mexico?
What was the name of the elementary school where World Changers Ministries Christian Center held their first worship service?
Which honor did Harry Belafonte receive in 1989?
What is the exact amount given by the Gujarat government for the Statue of Unity in rupees?
What year did René Laennec claim that tubercles were the cause of pulmonary tuberculosis?
Who won the bronze medal in the men's masters foil event in the 1896 Summer Olympics?
Who was the 2022 winner of "Best Just Chatting Streamer" at The Streamer Awards?
Until what date, as in day, month, and year, did Nityanand Kanungo serve as the governor of Bihar?
Who was the shoe designer of the shoes that Zayn Malik wore at the 2016 Met Gala?
In which year did Anil Biswas (an Indian communist politician) join the Krishnagar Government College, come under the influence of Marxist leaders like Harinarayan Adhikari and Dinesh Mazumdar, and also become an active member of the Students' Federation of India?
What high school did Rodney Alcala graduate from?
Who was the winner of the Leslie Fox Prize for Numerical Analysis in 1995?
What month, day, and year was Robin Roberts selected as a mentor for Disney's #DreamBigPrincess campaign?
Who was the Prime Minister of Japan who served from June 30, 1898, to November 8, 1898?
Who was the mother of the former Argentine vice president Adolfo Alsina?
In what church was the organ installed in 2000 at St. John's Church, Gateshead Fell, previously located?
What were the month and year when the then-British Prime Minister David Cameron visited Infosys HQ in Bangalore and addressed Infosys employees?
Which Argentine national received the Rousseeuw Prize for Statistics in 2022?
How many spider monkeys escaped their enclosure at Orana Park in Christchurch, New Zealand, in November 2014?
Name the plant taxonomist who identified all the plant specimens collected for the study in the article "The local medicinal plant knowledge in Kashmir Western Himalaya: A way to foster ecological transition via community-centred health-seeking strategies"?
What is the first name of the individual who won the Polanyi Medal for outstanding contributions to the field of gas kinetics in 1998?
Which scientist received the American Chemical Society Award in Pure Chemistry in 1938?
In what round was Taylor Harry Fritz eliminated from the 2019 Australian Open?
From which year was Elizabeth Esteve-Coll head of Learning Resources at Kingston Polytechnic?
Which African country was the first to introduce shared parental leave?
What are the first names and surnames of the couple that ranked twenty-third at the Vancouver 2010 Olympics for their original ice dancing performance?
What was the name of the building where Indian YouTuber, vlogger, and social media activist Dhruv Rathee got married in 2021?
How many years did Elliot Page spend studying the Interact Program at Vaughan Road Academy?
What was the population count in the 2011 census of the Republic of Nauru?
What is the service ceiling of the aircraft Soko 522 in meters?
In what round of the Nations Cup team competition at the FEI European Championships did a member of the jump crew interfere with Cian O'Connor and Good Luck?
What is the name of the photography partnership that photographed Charles James Blasius Williams in 1873?
What was the name of the play in which American music producer George Avakian was an associate producer in 1965?
In which year did Saba Valadkhan (an Iranian-American biomedical scientist) receive the Nsoroma Award from the Cleveland Chapter of the National Technical Association?
From which university in the District of Columbia did New York State Representative Andrew Garbarino earn a Bachelor of Arts degree in History and Classical Humanities?
As of 2022, what is the name of the smallest known exoplanet within 10 parsecs of Earth's solar system?
What was composer Sigrid Ingeborg Henriette Wienecke's mother's name?
What were the month and year when Telegram announced that the app had 60 million active users and delivered 12 billion daily messages?
What's the DOI of the paper "Multidimensional Scaling and Other Techniques for Uncovering Universals?"
What is the name of the engineer and politician Ralph Edward Flanders' sole son?
What was the name of the director of the Clayman Institute for Gender Research in 1994?
What is the name of the botanist who first formally described *Chorizema dicksonii* in 1839?
On what day, month, and year did Edward Morris play his first Wales national football team match?
What is the full name of the Colombian soccer player Juan Guzmán born in 1988?
Which Iranian-Armenian astronomer and physicist is called the "Mother of Modern Iranian Astronomy"?
Which newspaper said the following quote about John Lewis? "Only former major civil rights leader who extended his fight for human rights and racial reconciliation to the halls of Congress."
Which high school did Ritesh Batra attend?
By which year and month was WhatsApp downloaded by only a handful of Fishman's Russian-speaking friends?
What specific type of joints are in a giraffe's neck vertebrae?
Which tabloid first published William Aloysius "Bil" Keane's first cartoon?
In what city did Ciara perform for her Beauty Marks Tour on September 13, 2019?
What did Alison Garrs overdose on in the last episode of Season 2 of Happy Valley?
On what day, month, and year was the asteroid 369 Aëria discovered?
What was the only Spanish player who received a Player of the Month Award during the 2021-22 Premier League season?
What was the score of Game 2 of the '07 World Series in the third inning?
In which month and year was Sayyid Ghulam Muhiyuddin Ahmed bin Khairuddin Al Hussaini, a famous Indian politician, born?
What is the name of the character in the Phantom Manor at Disneyland Paris that beckoned guests to "hurry back" before the 2019 renovation?
In the 16 December 2021 article published in Nature about linguistic diversity, how many languages have been documented to date?
Name the architect who designed the Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman Novo Theatre located on Bijoy Sharani Avenue in the Tejgaon area of Dhaka, Bangladesh.
What award did Ludwig Prandtl receive in 1918?
What field was Rev. Dr. Lee B. Spitzer awarded a PhD in from Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam and the International Baptist Theological Study Centre?
What function in Google Sheets is specifically built for appending ranges vertically and in sequence to return a larger array?
Which month and year did George Melly join Roy Hudd and others to unveil a statue of Miller in Brighton?
What year did Roberto Battaglia win a gold medal in the team épée event?
In what year did Timothy “Tim” Griffin obtain a political appointment as a Special Assistant to the Assistant Attorney General for the Criminal Division?
What was the title of Critical Role's 33rd one-shot episode that aired on August 29, 2019?
What day, month, and year was the Montenegrin politician Vujica Lazović born?
What was the name of Andrew Dickson White's cousin who became an artist of the Luminism style and Hudson River School?
The globular cluster NGC 2298 is located within which constellation?
In which month and year did the House of Representatives Committee on Police Affairs invite Mustafa Adebayo Balogun (Nigeria's former Inspector General of Police), Mike Okiro, and Mrs. Farida Waziri to explain how the N16 billion recovered from Balogun went missing?
Who was awarded the Emerging Artist Award from the Women's Caucus for Art in New York in 2022?
Which musician became Louis Armstrong's first teacher and chose him as the bandleader?
The K-class blimp (1938), the K-14, had a useful lift of what in kilograms?
Who was the second president of the International Society for Soil Mechanics and Geotechnical Engineering?
Who did Maulana Azad describe as the "Muslim Lord Haw-Haw" in India?
How many minutes and seconds did it take Indian swimmer Vedaant Madhavan to finish the 1500m freestyle race at the 48th Junior National Aquatic Championships?
How many livres did artist Jean-Antoine Watteau sell his painting "Camp-fire" to Sirois for?
During which years did Richard H.G. Parry serve as Secretary-General of the International Society for Soil Mechanics and Geotechnical Engineering?
In which city of Pakistan was Muhammad Rafiq Tarar, a Pakistani politician, born?
On what day, month, and year did the 1st ASEM Ministerial Conference on Energy Security begin?
In which year did Jamia win its first gold and silver medals in wrestling at the All India Inter University Championship?
Who was the wife of the 14th Chief Justice of India, A. N. Ray?
On what day, month, and year did Anna Krzeptowska-Żebracka, a Polish cross-country skier, die?
In what city did Marina Abramović and Uwe Laysiepen perform 'Rest Energy' in 1980?
What is the KEGG ID of Hydroxyzine, an antihistamine medication?
Blockhouse Island in Brockville has a statue of Con Darling, a local figure who is pushing a stroller. What is inside the stroller?
As of February 7, 2022, who has been appointed the Nepali Congress spokesperson?
What is the master clock frequency of the Toshiba BC-1411 in kilohertz?
What was the water depth in meters at which the Akoma-1X well was drilled?
How many children did José Figueres Ferrer have with his first wife, Henrietta Boggs?
What were the month and year when it was announced that the EA-200 Tornado had completed operational testing of the AGM-88E AARGM?
What was the first and last name of the father-in-law of former U.S. Representative Henry D. Flood?
What position did the album "Different World" by Alan Walker land in the year-end 2019 US Top Dance/Electronic Albums (Billboard)?
In what city was the 4th ASEM Education Ministers' Meeting held?
Which grammar school did Diane Marie Disney attend before moving to Immaculate Heart High School?
After what battle did Napoleon say, "Soldats! Je suis content de vous"? (English: Soldiers! I am pleased with you).
Who is discovered to be alive at the end of Season 1 of Motherland: Fort Salem?
Which community college did Leonard Perry Jr., the American basketball coach, attend from 1986 to 1988?
What two people did Jinkx Monsoon portray in RPDR All-Stars Season 7 Snatch Game?
Who was Christopher Hornsrud's Minister of Justice and the Police when he formed his Labour Party cabinet in 1928?
In what year was the Cure ADOA Foundation founded with the goal of making scientific research financially possible so that the treatment and cure of dominant optic atrophy are stimulated?
In what year was Celia Hoyles appointed Professor of Mathematical Education at the Institute of Education, University of London?
In which month and year was Captain Joern Rene Klausen found dead aboard the Monarch of the Seas?
On what day, month, and year was Kristin Glosimot Kjelsberg, a Norwegian handball player who played 112 matches and scored 371 goals for the Norwegian national team between 1978 and 1983, born?
How many players on the Winnipeg Falcons hockey team died in WWI?
On what day, month, and year was the footballer Michael Anderson Pereira da Silva born?
What Mozilla Firefox release version included the patch note: "Improved the performance of the instance when Microsoft's IME and Defender retrieve the URL of a focused document in Windows 11 version 22H2"?
On what date, month, and year did Russell Robins, Welsh rugby union and professional rugby league footballer, die?
In which year was Arthur C. Wade, an American lawyer in the 1800s and New York politician, first admitted to the state bar?
In which city did pianist David Eugene Tudor set up India’s first electronic music studio?
What is the name of the university where Alma S. Woolley became a nursing instructor and earned her M.S. in medical-surgical nursing?
Who was the first president of the Supreme Court of Brazil appointed by Pedro I?
What was the name of the maid who committed suicide by setting herself on fire on May 21, 2007, because the former MLA Ashok Veer Vikram Singh exploited her physically, while his wife, a sitting MLA from Bijawar, used to beat her and keep her without salary?
What subject did Mary Winifred Betts, the spouse of Alexander Craig Aitken, lecture on at Otago University?
How much Half Moon Grass does the Royalty class start with in Demon's Souls (2009)?
What month and year was "Welcome to Paradise" first released?
According to the 2011 census of India, after Hindi, which is the second fastest growing language of India, followed by Meitei (Manipuri) in third place and Bengali in fourth place?
In which year was Amrita Sher-Gil (a Hungarian-Indian painter) briefly engaged to Yusuf Ali Khan?
What river is the Kokosing River a tributary of?
In what month and year did Anna Halprin create the "Rope Dance" performance with Janine Antoni and Stephen Petronio in Kentfield, California?
What year was the municipality of Ciudad Bolívar, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
What is the engine cc of a Honda Juno K (1954)?
To whom was A. Wallis Myers married?
What is the shear modulus of selenium in gigapascals?
Who was known professionally as Lord Hummingbird?
Which is the largest tributary of the Chenab River?
What was the name that movie theater owner Harry E. Huffman gave to his two-story Denver mansion?
Who was the recipient of the ISCB Accomplishment by a Senior Scientist Award in 2012?
Richard Serra created his work 'Thirty-Five Feet of Lead Rolled Up' while living in which city?
What are the names of the children of Queen Aishwarya Rajya Lakshmi Devi Shah and King Birendra Bir Bikram Shah Dev?
How many households were there in Weston, Ohio, as of the 2000 census?
In what year did German instrument maker Ernst Abbe invent the apochromatic lens system for the microscope?
Where was Salvador Dalí's first solo London exhibition held?
What is the maximum number of African forest elephants in typical family groups?
How old was composer Miya Masaoka when she began studying classical music?
What EP did Rosalía release in 2019?
During his education days, the 13th Chief Justice of India, S. M. Sikri, moved to London to initially study which subject but later switched to law, studying at Trinity College, Cambridge?
At what age was John Constable (English landscape painter) elected to the Royal Academy of Arts?
What month, date, and year did Tupac appear in A Different World?
What is the name of the Dutch businessman and convicted drug trafficker who trained two of the hijackers of the planes used on 9/11?
What award was Danh Võ given in 2007?
For which team did Edward Ambrose Hug, the American Major League Baseball catcher, make his MLB debut?
What was the height, in meters, of Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard Sr. (Damian Lillard), an American professional basketball player, when he joined the varsity starting lineup as a freshman at Arroyo High School?
How far is Quainton Road Railway Station from London in miles?
In which year did Jacinda Kate Laurell Ardern receive a Harvard honorary degree?
What is the weight of the Puzzling Stone Sword from Dark Souls II in in-game units?
In what year was Ukrainian-born mathematician Aleksandr Yakovlevich Povzner the first to apply the technique of transformation operators of Volterra type to spectral theory?
What day, month, and year was the patch that added the Ruins of Lordaeron PvP arena released in the United States for the game World of Warcraft?
What was the name of the first hip-hop album in South Africa?
On what day, month, and year was the amendment to the Federal Meat Inspection Act, Public Law Number 75-776, enacted during Franklin Delano Roosevelt's administration?
In what city and state was Richard Diebenkorn stationed for the U.S. Marine Corps?
What are the first name and surname of the woman who was voted 17th in the Top 100 Great South Africans in 2004?
What was the name of the Venezuelan state in which María Teresa Castillo was born in 1908?
On what day, month, and year did Aaron Leo Brody, the 1964 Industrial Achievement Award winner by the Institute of Food Technologists, die?
Who scored the last goal in the second-leg match between Liverpool and Villarreal in the 2021-2022 Champions League semi-final?
What was the original air date of "The Rules of Luton" in Series 2 of *Space: 1999*?
Conservation work on Lord Limerick’s Follies at Tollymore Park, Newcastle, Co. Down, began in May 2010, in memory of which conservation architect who died in 2008?
Give the full name of the Indian politician from Jammu and Kashmir who is popularly known as Sher-e-Gool Gulabgarh.
In which Chechen village was journalist Anna Politkovskaya detained in 2001?
What is the name of the team that Filip Hašek, the footballer, played against during his professional debut on July 22, 2018?
In Season 2 of the TV show "Physical," who wrote Episode 6, "Don't You Have Enough"?
Which Indian security force has launched a robot named ‘Captain Arjun’ to perform medical screening?
What was the first and last name of the resident designer at the Merce Cunningham Dance Company after Jasper Johns?
What was the surname of the recipient of the Nyholm Prize for Education in 1986-87?
In 2012, what country did the ICJ say had sovereignty over Bajo Nuevo?
In which year did Teresa Czerwińska become the Undersecretary of State in the Ministry of Science and Higher Education?
What was the name (first name and two last names) of the first director of the Morgan Library and Museum?
What exhibit was displayed in the TD Gallery at the Toronto Reference Library from February 11 to April 30, 2017?
What college did Anna Moriah Wilson graduate from in 2014?
How many years did Sidney Abbott attend Smith College?
In which city and country was Yasir Naqvi, a Canadian politician, born?
In which year did William Hammon at the University of Pittsburgh purify the gamma globulin component of the blood plasma of polio survivors?
In what year did Donald Arthur Norman receive the Franklin Institute Awards (Benjamin Franklin Medal)?
What year did André-Jean-Jacques Deshayes retire from ballet?
What is the starting tractive effort of a Railpower GG20B in kilonewtons?
What crime was Pedro López incarcerated for in 1969?
In what year did Norman Rockwell donate his painting “The Dover Coach” to the Society of Illustrators?
Which scientist received the Gilbert Morgan Smith Medal in 2015?
Which version of Mozilla Firefox was released with this patch note: "Smooth pinch-zooming using a touchpad is now supported on Linux"?
In which NYC borough was pharmacist David Morris Kern born?
What radio show was the most listened-to program in the United States in the 1980s?
What day, month, and year was the Retlaw 1 combine car sold to the Carolwood Foundation?
In the women's singles 2022 Madrid Open, how many Romanian players played in the second round?
Who served as the President of the Philippines after José Paciano Laurel y García?
In what year did Frank Munn leave the radio show "The American Album of Familiar Music"?
In Season 2, Episode 22 of Airwolf, what is the name and surname of the archaeologist who accompanied Caitlin and four students on a trip to explore Maya temples?
Which Bard subclass was included in the 2022 Expert Classes Unearthed Arcana for Dungeons & Dragons?
In which school did Ghana's former minister Kwadwo Baah-Wiredu start his secondary education in 1967?
On what day, month, and year did Vinton Gray Cerf publish his work "A View from the 21st Century"?
Who was the 33rd President of Costa Rica?
In which year did the top religious body in Saudi Arabia give the green light for codification of Sharia law?
In which year and month did El Cielo receive its first Michelin star in Miami?
What is the first and last name of the artist who received the 1969 "Artist of the Year" award from the Artists Guild of New York?
In what year did the Guinness Book of World Records name Circus Circus as the world's largest permanent circus?
In which industry did painter William Moore Davis work before he became a full-time painter?
What is the UNII of Nivolumab, an anti-cancer medication?
What was Zero Bridge originally nicknamed in Srinagar, Kashmir?
Which two conlangers created the Sangheili language for the 2022 Halo TV series?
What SWV song was on the Billboard R&B charts at No. 1 for seven weeks in 1993?
What high school did Kenkichi Iwasawa attend?
Who inaugurated the Khyber Hotel in Gulmarg?
What is the chemical formula of atogepant, a class of medications called calcitonin gene-related peptide receptor antagonists?
What day, month, and year was Will Gay Bottje, the American composer, born?
What was the name of the Detroit-born medium to whom William Lyon Mackenzie King was introduced in 1932?
What was the acronym created to refer to Prince Rogers Nelson following his contract dispute with Warner Bros.?
What track did Jimmie Johnson record his only win at in 2001?
What year did Tatsuo Miyajima's 'Kaki Tree Project' plant its first tree?
What health crisis did Bob Barker experience on May 30, 2022?
Which year was Audrey McLaughlin sworn in as a member of the Queen's Privy Council for Canada?
What year was the municipality of Caicedo, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
In what year was the beetle species Glipa annulata described?
On which day, month, and year did the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment celebrate the 21st anniversary of its founding?
How many days was Dev Shumsher Jung Bahadur Rana prime minister?
In what year was the beetle species Glipa andamana described?
What is the second name of Gulmarg in Kashmir?
What was the name of the CIA contractor whose documents for the "UMBRAGE Component Library" (UCL) project were published by WikiLeaks on July 19, 2017?
What was the last year Charles Boyle, Viscount Dungarvan, 3rd Baron Clifford, was Member of Parliament for Tamworth in the British House of Commons?
What year is 2024 in the Discordian calendar?
In what year did Dennis Ichiyama become the designer-in-residence at the Hamilton Wood Type and Printing Museum in Two Rivers, Wisconsin, working with historic wood type?
In what key was "I Offer My Life" by Don Moen composed?
What was the original name of the station "Carlos Gardel" on the Buenos Aires Subway?
What day, month, and year was the municipality of Segovia, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
What year was the municipality of Almeida, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
From which university did Soraya Sherif, the Egyptian mathematician, get her Ph.D.?
What percentage of voters were against the constitutional referendum held in Ghana on April 27, 1960?
What season of RPDR did Leslie Jones first appear in?
In which month and year was Windows 2000 Service Pack 3 released?
What month, day, and year was James V. Allred nominated by President Franklin D. Roosevelt to the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas?
For what operating systems was Version 3.4.8033 of the MusicBee music application released?
What is Kinoko Teikoku's first EP?
What population did the town of Alnham in Northumberland, England have in the 2011 census?
Who was the referee of the 2004 African Cup of Nations final between Tunisia and Morocco?
In which year did Ratan Parimoo (an Indian art historian from Kashmir) get a Cultural Scholarship for Painting from the Government of India?
What year was the municipality of Ventaquemada, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
In what city and state was Jazzercise created in 1969?
How many competitors from 11 nations participated in Fencing at the 1908 Summer Olympics – Men's saber?
Who founded the municipality of San Roque, Antioquia, Colombia?
In the series "Benson" S7 E16, what is the title of the episode?
What was the title of the Oxventure episode that was recorded live at MCM London 2022 in which Dob was to get married to Katie Pearlhead?
What day, month, and year did Ivan Karlović die?
In which country was the 4th edition of the ASEAN-India Grassroots Innovation Forum (AIGIF) launched?
On what day and month of 1879 was Charles Sedgwick's patent application for the new and improved collapsible drinking cup granted?
As of the 2011 India census, what was the population of Sopore, a town in Baramulla district in Kashmir?
What was the first and last name of the child who won NBC's (National Broadcasting Company) promotional contest in 1950 to find the child who looked the most like TV star puppet Howdy Doody?
What day, month, and year was the municipality of Tarazá, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
What language is represented in Figure 1 of the text "New Avenues and Challenges in Semantic Map Research"?
What is the wheel diameter of the British Rail Class 92 in meters?
From which high school in Michigan did Dan Kloeffler graduate in 1994?
What is the Pinyin name of the Mansion that comes after 斗 within the Black Tortoise?
What day, month, and year was the first flight of the Boeing–Saab T-7 Red Hawk?
Who was the goalkeeper with the most clean sheets in the 2019-2020 Primeira Liga?
What flowers were shown in artist J.C. Leyendecker's May 30, 1914, "The Saturday Evening Post" cover?
Who won the gold medal in the women's foil event at the first European Fencing Championships?
How much Endurance does the Cleric starting class from Dark Souls II start with?
Which art and cultural movement was Edward Frank James a passionate supporter of?
Norman Rockwell was hired as the art director of what publication while in his teens?
On which day, month, and year does Prajakta Koli host the YouTube FanFest in Singapore?
What were the first and last names of the two individuals who discovered Crystal Cave in the Sequoia National Park area in California, United States?
How far (in km) is Karbala from Baghdad?
At what age did Dick Drago, the American relief pitcher, die?
What is the name of the Brazilian entomologist who first described the species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae "Compsibidion circunflexum"?
Where did Kiyoshi Oka work as a professor from 1949 to 1964?
Who won the International Photography Awards' Discovery of the Year Award in 2013?
What is the name of the housing development where Mark Scout lives in Season 1 of the show Severance?
Who was the father of the Indian journalist and political commentator Romesh Thapar?
In 1841, which steamer did Captain Shepherd take from Brockville through all the Cornwall and Coteau rapids to Lachine?
According to Wikipedia, how many feet above sea level is the Getty Center?
How many Cierva W.11 Air Horse rotorcraft were built in total?
What is the other name for Oont Kadal in Kashmir?
What character did Chip Fields play in "J.J.'s New Career, Part 2" on Good Times?
Which architect built the Palace of Running Water in Buenos Aires?
On which day, month, and year did Anna Catharina Bischoff die?
Which date, month, and year was the Rana Prime Minister Padma Shumsher Jung Bahadur Rana born?
What year was the municipality of Anorí, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
What two materials are needed to craft the Partisan weapon with Johannes in the original version of the game Bloodstained: Ritual of the Night?
In the paper "Aluminium Metal Matrix Composites – A Review," which alloy of aluminium was evaluated for physical properties by Mahendra Boopathi M. et al.?
Who founded the municipality of Tuta, Boyacá, Colombia?
What EP did Machine Girl release in 2016?
To which political party did Colonel Isham Warren Garrott belong?
How many nude figures in the background of the Holy Family does the "Doni Tondo" portray?
What was the population of Goldsboro, NC, in the 2020 census?
What are the complete names of John Constable's (English landscape painter) two children who are buried alongside him in their family tomb in Hampstead?
What years did John Edward Broadbent serve as the vice-president of Socialist International?
What is the full name of the solo exhibition Kara Walker had in 2016?
What month, day, and year did the Durban-based shack-dwellers' movement Abahlali baseMjondolo take the KwaZulu-Natal government to court over their controversial Elimination and Prevention of Re-Emergence of Slums Act?
Who voiced the character of Hercules in the 1978 animated television series "The Freedom Force"?
On which day, month, and year was Prof. Narinder Kumar Gupta (a professor of Mechanics at the Indian Institute of Technology in Delhi) born?
In the World Cup cricket match held on February 21, 1996, who were the umpires for West Indies vs. India?
Which lake in Kashmir is connected to the Khushal Sar and Gil Sar lakes via a channel known as Nallah Amir Khan?
On what day, month, and year did the Czech mathematician Miroslav Fiedler die?
What is the full name of the neurologist and physiologist who demonstrated intellectual curiosity along with an unusual energy which he referred to as "the instinct for research"?
How many seats in the Chamber of Deputies did the Italian Communist Party lose in the 1958 Italian General Election?
What day, month, and year was the EP "Dirty Laundry" released by Adore Delano?
What year was the municipality of Tuta, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
In 2019, Anna Moriah Wilson graduated from which college with a Bachelor of Engineering?
What year was the alabaster sculpture known as the "Teotihuacan Ocelot" found?
On which date (month, day, year) was Josep Clarà i Ayats' sculpture *Serenity*, located in Washington, D.C., dedicated?
What is the name of Helmut Lang's solo exhibition from 2011 in East Hampton?
For which province of Pakistan was Ghulam Ishaq Khan (former Governor of the State Bank of Pakistan) appointed as the Home Secretary in the year 1956?
In which month and year was the first public exhibition of Pablo Picasso’s "Les Demoiselles d'Avignon"?
What is the square footage of the gallery space of the State Hermitage Museum?
On what day, month, and year did the Mayor of Paterson, New Jersey, from 1967 to 1972 and again from 1975 until 1982, die?
Which Indian institute won the 2017 IEEE Spectrum Technology in the Service of Society Award?
What year was the municipality of Cómbita, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
In which year was Edward A. "Ted" Irving awarded the Wollaston Medal by the Geological Society of London?
In what year did Gordon Plotkin win the ACM SIGPLAN Programming Languages Achievement Award?
Who won the Eddington Medal in 1972?
Specify the dates when the first 1994 Norwegian European Union membership referendum was held.
On what day, month, and year was Mustafa Adebayo Balogun (Nigeria's former Inspector General of Police) released from jail after serving his sentence for corruption charges brought against him by the EFCC?
What player from Aston Villa had the most yellow cards in the 2021-22 Premier League season?
On what day, month, and year did Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab appear in front of Judge Paul D. Borman for his attempt to blow up an American civil aircraft?
On what day, month, and year was Rana Ayyub (an Indian journalist) awarded the International John Aubuchon Award by the National Press Club (a professional organization and social community in Washington, D.C.)?
In what year did Sir William Beechey (British portraitist) first exhibit at the Royal Academy Schools?
Which high school did the architect Eleanor Manning O'Connor attend?
What is the PubChem CID of Rimegepant?
What month, date, and year did Ana Hamilton first appear in Genoa City?
What is the name of the organic compound that William Ramsay first formed in 1876 from acetylene and hydrogen cyanide in an iron tube furnace?
Name the first Indian artist to travel abroad for the purpose of studying printmaking as an art.
To whom was R. C. Harvey married?
Which scientist was awarded the Gregori Aminoff Prize in 1996?
What song is playing at the beginning of "Full Leather Jacket" of The Sopranos?
Which mountain stream flows between the valleys of Chinamarg and Nurpur Pass?
In what year did the Met Gala first become a themed fashion event?
On what date, month, and year did Barbara Marty Kälin die?
What day, month, and year was the Japanese edition of Kelly Clarkson's album "Piece by Piece" released on CD in Japan?
Give the name of the Kashmiri dish in which mutton intestines are flavored with a spice mixture containing dried fenugreek (methi) leaves.
What is the surname of the individual who won the Perkin Prize for Organic Chemistry in 2013?
What is the surname of the U.S. President who attended the 66th birthday of Kenneth Stanley "Boots" Adams, former president of Phillips Petroleum Company?
What were the month, day, and year Peder Munk of Estvadgård was born?
For how many years did John Constable (English landscape painter) work on "The Opening of Waterloo Bridge"?
What year was the second label launched by Junya Watanabe and Comme des Garçons?
What is the full name of the singer who sang the song 'Angels' with Robbie Williams at the opening ceremony of the 2018 FIFA World Cup?
What is the name of Track 10 on the Sonic Free Riders Original Soundtrack released in 2010?
On what day, month, and year was Leon R. Rohde, a German road and track cyclist, born?
On which day, month, and year did Fathima Beevi retire as the governor of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu?
How was Jawaharlal Nehru addressed in the salutation of the letter sent by A.C.B., also known as A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada, on August 4, 1958?
In which country was Robert “Bob” Guy Walls, a painter born in 1927, born?
In 1979, who won the Triple Tiara?
Who was the grandfather of the 14th Chief Justice of India, A.N. Ray?
With what other mathematician did Emil Klaus Julius Fuchs publish "The Statistical Mechanics of Condensing Systems"?
What was the title of Thomas Callister Hales' Ph.D. dissertation from Princeton University in 1986?
Who was the umpire in the 1980 Gillette Cup match between Devon and Cornwall held on July 2, 1980?
What year was the municipality of San Andrés de Cuerquia, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
Which day, month, and year did Admiral Austin Melvin Knight marry Alice Tobey?
What is the local name of Allium humile Kunth in Kashmir as mentioned in the article "The local medicinal plant knowledge in Kashmir Western Himalaya: A way to foster ecological transition via community-centred health seeking strategies"?
In which Nebraska city was painter Kathleen Gemberling Adkison born in 1917?
What prize was Jean Chazy awarded in 1922 by the French Academy of Sciences for his papers on the three-body problem?
What is the name of the city where Sangtarashan Cave is located?
What year did William Kentridge's second film of his '9 Drawings for Projection' project release?
When was the exact day, month, and year the FPT University was founded?
On what day, month, and year was Yoshinaga Sakurai, the Japanese equestrian who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics, born?
From 1855 to 1859, James Luke Prendergast (1800-1895) served as Liberal MHA for what Canadian town?
With whom did Ada Lovelace and her mother attend one of Charles Babbage's Saturday night soirées the first time Ada and Charles met?
Who did Kiyosi Ito collaborate with to publish "On the Probability Distribution on a Compact Group"?
How many miles from the Indo-Nepal border was Amit Kumar hiding from the police on February 7, 2008?
Who is the voice actor for the character named Griggs in the game Dark Souls 1 for the PlayStation 3?
In which round was Martina Trevisan eliminated from the 2020 French Open – Women's Singles?
Who is the second son of the former Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, M. Karunanidhi, and his second wife, Dayalu Ammal?
In what year did the Ethiopian politician Billene Seyoum Woldeyes co-form a spoken-word poetry collective called Zemneged-Andinet?
Who appointed the Chief Justice of India, Kailas Nath Wanchoo, in 1967?
In 1981, in what Broadway musical did Janet Hubert make her debut?
Which scientist received the Gregori Aminoff Prize in 1981?
What was the name of George T. Fulford's son-in-law who was sworn into the Privy Council on July 31, 1930?
In which year was the Bronze Wrangler first awarded?
What was the Christian denomination to which Frank Lloyd Wright's father originally belonged?
In which year did George Bentham change the name of *Hedaroma pinifolium* to *Pimelea pinifolia*?
What was the first and last name of the president of the Society of Illustrators from 1929 to 1936?
What is the name of the magic stick that Haumea, the goddess of fertility in Hawaiian mythology, uses to change herself from an old woman to a young girl?
How old was Aniol Serrasolses when he kayaked for the first time down the largest glacial waterfall ever recorded in Norway?
Where was the body of Stuart Leary, a South African sportsman who played for Charlton Athletic Football Club in London, discovered on August 23, 1988?
In what township, city, and country was the commemorative hall installed for the 100th anniversary of the IEEE Medal of Honor?
Who was the first principal of Mayo College in India?
Which date, month, and year was the Nepal Tourism Board established?
What year was the municipality of La Ceja, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
What is the name of the pot woven around with wicker and filled with hot embers?
What was the name of the architect who rebuilt Dalby Hall in Lincolnshire for J. W. Preston in 1856 after the home was destroyed by fire?
From what year to what year did Matvey Blanter continue his education in Moscow, studying violin and composition?
Who was selected for the role of Rachel in Friends but got another role?
On the weekly charts for Billboard's US Top Tastemaker Albums, what peak position did Kelly Clarkson's album "Meaning of Life" achieve in the years 2017-2018?
At the 2006 census, what was the population of Darrud, Iran?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Alfredo di Braccio Award (physics prize), a prestigious prize for young Italian scientists given by the Italian Accademia Nazionale dei Lincei, in 2014?
How many referees were selected from the South American Football Confederation (CONMEBOL) for the 2010 FIFA World Cup in Durban, South Africa?
In what year did the Hummerts do away with the studio audience on the radio show "The American Album of Familiar Music"?
What day, month, and year did Menchú announce that she would form an Indigenous political party called Encuentro por Guatemala?
What is the title of Nils Jerlov's doctoral thesis from 1939?
On what day, month, and year did Gopalaswami Parthasarathy assume the charge of Vice Chancellor of Jawaharlal Nehru University?
Which river of India is known as the Lion's Mouth in Tibet?
What day, month, and year was the album "The Weight of These Wings" by Miranda Lambert certified platinum in the U.S.?
Where was Sayyid Ghulam Muhiyuddin Ahmed bin Khairuddin Al Hussaini, a famous Indian politician, born?
As of which month and year did StatCounter estimate that Chrome has a 65% worldwide browser market share (after peaking at 72.38% in November 2018) on personal computers?
On what day, month, and year was Tara Chand (a politician and a Dalit leader from Jammu and Kashmir) removed from the Democratic Azad Party after allegations of 'anti-party' activities?
On which month and year did the Colombian Cardinal Pedro Rubiano say, "The only thing left is to kneel down before Chavez!"?
What was the cause of Colin Pittendrigh's death?
What year was the municipality of Soatá, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
On what date (day/month/year) was William Beechey (British portraitist) granted a coat of arms?
In what year was American music producer George Avakian appointed the first director of the popular LP department at Columbia Records?
What was the first name of the mother of the Argentine mathematician Luis Caffarelli?
What place did Shristi Shrestha, a winner of the Miss Nepal 2012 pageant, achieve in the Beach Beauty segment of Miss World 2012?
In what place did diver Vicki Manalo finish in her first national Amateur Athletic Union diving competition at the Indiana National meet in 1943?
What year was Michael Mark Woolfson awarded the Gregori Aminoff Prize?
In the 2021 research paper titled "EEG-Based Driving Fatigue Detection Using a Two-Level Learning Hierarchy Radial Basis Function" by Ziwu Ren et al., how many participants did the researchers collect EEG data from?
What is the first and last name of the person philosopher Edmund Burke replaced as a member of Parliament for Wendover?
How many seats did the Celebrity Theater in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee, have when it opened in 1988?
Who was the sole winner of the Fulkerson Prize for outstanding papers in the area of discrete mathematics in 1997?
What was the total depth in meters reached by the Akoma-1X well as of 2019?
What is the ChemSpider ID of oxycodone?
What year did Bill Brown start teaching at the University of Chicago?
At what age in years and months did the American professional tennis player Coco Gauff win the title of "USTA Clay Court National 12-and-under"?
In what year did Pope Francis decline to be appointed President of the Argentine Bishops’ Conference?
In what year did the Society of Illustrators sell the rights to their Illustrator Show skits?
What was the first and last name of the second husband of Charlotte Lee, Lady Baltimore?
In what year was Alain Stanké made a Knight of the National Order of Quebec?
In what year was *Hemidactylus boavistensis* elevated from a subspecies of *Hemidactylus bouvieri* to a separate species?
What is the title in French of Dame Margot's debate song (jeu parti) in which she debates Dame Maroie?
What were the day, month, and year when Twitter overhauled its website once more to feature the "Fly" design, which the service says is easier for new users to follow and promotes advertising?
Which cricket player won the Purple Cap award in IPL 2022?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Oesper Award in 1988?
In 2017, what case was Natasha Merle involved in, where she was a member of the petitioner team?
What was the capacity of the orchestra level of the Hanna Theatre located in Cleveland, Ohio, before its renovation?
In what year did Dr. Lorne Warneke retire?
What year did the chemist Pauline Gracia Beery Mack publish her work "Calories Make a Difference: Report of Studies on Three Groups of Children"?
In 2009, what was the seating capacity of Dragão Arena (Dragão Caixa)?
What year did Luigi Berlinguer obtain a law degree from the University of Sassari?
Who played the character Dr. Maxwell Stanton in the TV show "In the House" for Seasons 3-5?
Who is the father of the Aruban politician Dangui Oduber?
On which day, month, and year did Gyan Sudha Misra retire as a judge of the Supreme Court of India?
What is the name and surname of the former President of South Africa who received a state funeral when he died on January 4, 2007?
According to the Golden Ticket Awards' list of the top 50 steel roller coasters, what rank was given to Twisted Timbers in 2021?
In what year did Richard Anthony Drago, the American relief pitcher, graduate from high school?
Who were the two teams that qualified for the Europa League group stage via Premier League standings at the end of the 2021-2022 season?
What year did the painter Joseph Matthäus Aigner paint "Portrait of a Lady with Her Dog"?
Where was the album "Barton Hollow" by The Civil Wars placed on the "Top 10 of Everything in 2011" in Time?
On what day, month, and year were the Streamy Awards first awarded?
Who played drums in Kinoko Teikoku?
How many amendments to the Pakistani Constitution were not passed as of 2022?
The sportsperson who suffered from cardiac arrest on January 3, 2021, was from which sports background in India?
In what month and year was Gaelscoil Chnoc Liamhna, an Irish language primary school, established in Knocklyon, Ireland?
Who was the 60th Governor of North Carolina?
What did George Brown (1818-1880) refuse in 1875?
What childhood city does Kobe Bryant love the most?
What strength stat is needed to wield the Crystal Ring Shield in Dark Souls?
In what year was the beetle species Glipa dohertyi described?
What was the 2016 Word of the Year according to the American Dialect Society?
What is the name of the naturalist who first described the sharpbill under the binomial name *Oxyrhuncus cristatus* in 1821?
What is the memory clock speed in MHz for the GeForce4 MX420 (2002)?
Who first described the Hopfield networks with respect to recurrent neural networks in 1972?
What is the birth name of the Indian politician who is popularly known as Sher Singh Rana or S. Rana?
What is the forest cover area of Madhya Pradesh in square kilometers according to the India State of Forest Report 2019?
In what year did the Harry Stone Gallery in New York City mount an exhibition of sixty-seven "American Primitive" paintings that featured twenty of Willson's surviving watercolors?
Which interstate is located near Ramby Avenue, where the KTCZ-FM transmitter on the KMSP Tower is located?
What was the title of the game played in Episode 11 of Season 3 of the American version of "The Circle"?
Which Tunisian politician received the "Jamnalal Bajaj Award" for the year 2016?
Who originally played keyboards for the Band of Joy?
How old was the American mathematician Josiah Willard Gibbs when he published his first work?
Which Prime Minister of Italy was named 'Iron Baron'?
According to the 14th report of the state entomologist on injurious and other insects of New York in 1898, Miss Ormerod, in her 15th report in 1893, recorded the serious and widespread injuries to raspberries from what insect in England? Use the scientific name.
During which year was NASA's Vehicle Assembly Building designated as a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark by the American Society of Civil Engineers?
Whose painting was purchased by Peter Arrell Browne Widener in 1911 for just over half a million USD?
Who was the first President of the Supreme Court of Chile?
What's the first and last name of the person who sings Alastor's voice in the song "Alastor's Game"?
What is the name of track 5, side 2, on the Michael Jackson album Thriller?
According to Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, what are the three Romantic arts?
Before The New 52, who was responsible for the death of Ratcatcher?
What is the KEGG ID of barium sulfate?
What day, month, and year was Claudio Burlando elected to the Constituent National Democratic Party?
In what year was the beetle species Ischioplites salomonum described by Stephan von Breuning?
Which album by Die Toten Hosen was the first to reach number one on the German music charts?
Who was the audio engineer on "Giblet Gravy," George Benson's fourth album?
Who founded the municipality of Soatá, Boyacá, Colombia?
Who is the sole recipient of the Padma Bhushan award in the medicine category for the year 2014 from Srinagar, Kashmir?
In what city and country did Gustav Kramer work as an assistant at the German-Italian Institute of Marine Biology?
How many horses are depicted on Munch's "Horse Team and a St. Bernhard in the Snow" (1923)?
What high school did pitcher Christopher Deane Haney attend?
Which medalist designed the Francis P. Garvan–John M. Olin Medal?
What is the area between the River Indus and the River Jhelum called?
The Guyanese government posthumously awarded Walter Rodney which honor?
What is the surname of the judge who led the Election Tribunal that nullified Chris Ngige's 2003 Anambra governorship victory in August 2006?
The first instance of Time including Julie Mehretu in their '100 Most Influential People' was in which year?
Where was the first B.A.S.S. Bassmaster Tournament held?
On what date, month, and year did Mussolini declare before 60,000 people at the Fascist Congress in Naples, "Our program is simple: we want to rule Italy"?
Which year was Bil Keane's first syndicated strip, Channel Chuckles, launched?
What position did Ghulam Ishaq Khan, former Governor of the State Bank of Pakistan, hold until 1955 at the Provincial Secretariat of the North-West Frontier Province (now Khyber Pakhtunkhwa)?
What engraver did Thomas Ryder apprentice under?
In which year was the SSL SL 4000 G Series console introduced?
Nilgai is the state animal of which Union Territory of India?
What year was the municipality of Ituango, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
What was the name of the subdivision in which Toni Childs’ condo was located in the series Girlfriends?
Which U.S. president was the last one to be born in the 18th century?
What is the Glottolog language code of the Aralle-Tabulahan language?
What day, month, and year did the Jet Set Radio original soundtrack release in Japan?
On what day, month, and year did Erling Norvik, a Norwegian politician, die?
In what month and year was Kristen Nygaard awarded the Norbert Wiener Prize?
What's the DOI of the paper "On Two Mathematical Representations for Semantic Maps"?
On which day, month, and year was Neil Druckmann promoted to co-president of Naughty Dog alongside Evan Wells?
What was the title of the American Heart Association's first weight-loss book?
In what year did S. Osman Ali, the 7th Governor of the State Bank of Pakistan, enter the Indian Civil Service?
What day, month, and year was Masaki Tsuji given a lifetime achievement award at the 11th Japan Media Arts Festival?
What is the first name and surname of the actress who was the guest star that played the bride named Risa in Ally McBeal Season 3, Episode 1?
On which day, month, and year did Léon Gambetta become the president of the Chamber of Deputies?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Oesper Award in 1983?
What day, month, and year was Edward Ambrose Hug, the American Major League Baseball catcher, born?
In 1900, who broke the world record for consecutive chin-ups (39)?
What year was the municipality of Sora, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
What nationality is the engineer who financed Gaulard and his development of a transformer?
In the online game World of Warcraft, in patch 5.2.0, what change was made to the cooldown of the shaman ability Elemental Mastery?
In 2016, which president did Yusef Salaam receive a Lifetime Achievement Award from?
Who was the first woman to serve on the executive committee of the International Union of Geological Sciences?
What day, month, and year did over 500,000 people gather at the Black Star Square in Ghana to welcome former U.S. President Bill Clinton and his wife, Hillary Clinton?
What was the first and last name of the first woman lawyer admitted in New York state?
Who was the fourth official in the Champions League semi-final that happened on May 6, 2021, between Chelsea and Real Madrid?
What was the name of Pedro Pascal's foster dog that he had in 2018?
Who was the Guy Medal in Gold awarded to in 1973?
What was the time in IST when a fire occurred at a Durga Puja pandal in Narthuwa village in Bhadohi district of the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh on 2 October 2022?
What actress played Raynelle (Seasons 3-5) in the TV show "In the House"?
What Needtobreathe song is the first to feature Sara Watkins?
On which day, month, and year did M'hamed Djellouli become the Prime Minister of Tunisia?
In what year was the Wood River Baptist Association formed in Illinois?
What are the names of the three stadiums in South Africa that were most used during the 2010 FIFA World Cup? Each stadium hosted eight matches.
Who is the voice actor of Sergeant Waters in the first Call of Duty?
What is the name of the astronomer who discovered Mathesis in 1900?
What is the name of the book Cindy Sherman published in 2007?
Who composed the music for the song "We Rollin" by Punjabi singer Shubh?
What day, month, and year was Terraria patch 1.3.0.5 released?
Who suggested the idea of shooting liquid carbon dioxide into rain clouds to induce rainfall?
What honor did Miroslav Fiedler receive from the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic in 2006?
From what university did John P. Sall receive an honorary doctorate in 2003?
Name the person appointed as the Vice-Chancellor of Jamia Millia Islamia, New Delhi, in 1978.
What month and year was Kristof's album "The Talkshow" released?
What year did Otto Kratky receive the Gregori Aminoff Prize?
Which campaign year was Kristi Noem named by Republican Representative Pete Sessions of Texas as one of the 12 regional directors for the National Republican Congressional Committee?
In what year did Israel Gelfand, together with Fomin and other scientists, set up the Institute of Biological Physics of the USSR Academy of Sciences?
How many people attended the Wacken Open Air Festival in 1998?
What was the total number of homeless individuals counted in Downey, California, by the Los Angeles Homeless Services Authority's Greater Los Angeles Homeless Count in 2022?
What is the name of the 10-meter sculpture that William Kentridge created in 2009?
How many A-frame structures does the 1961 Stebel House in Los Angeles comprise?
Who was born on 11 March 1957 and was a former Solicitor General for Scotland, a Senator of the College of Justice, and former Chairman of the Scottish Law Commission?
Which mayor of Kathmandu declared Kathmandu Municipality a metropolitan city in 1995?
What year did Doris Salcedo get the Rolf Schock Prize in Visual Arts for the first time?
Who is Mt. Chamberlin in California named after?
In what year did Ahmad Jamal begin touring with George Hudson's orchestra after graduating from high school?
In which position did Band of Joy's eponymous album debut on the UK Albums Chart?
On what day, month, and year did William Blake become a student at the Royal Academy?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Faraday Lectureship Prize, previously known simply as the Faraday Lectureship, in 1958?
To what level did the D&D "Expert Classes" 2022 Unearthed Arcana move the classes' 20th-level features?
As of 2020, what efficiency rate in percent was achieved by the latest perovskite solar cells?
Which season and episode of "Saturday Night Live" did Susan Lucci host?
On what day, month, and year did Ghulam Nabi Wani Sogami (an Indian politician from Jammu and Kashmir) die?
Who won the Albany Medical Center Prize in 2002?
Who is Mrs. Selvig's secret identity in Season 1 of Severance?
What year was the Süleymaniye damaged in the great fire?
From which Long Island high school did New York State Representative Nick LaLota graduate?
Which city is called the "Temple City" in Karnataka?
What is the binomial name of Acidalia virginaria?
In Morrowind, whose body can you find the book "The Lusty Argonian Maid" in Vivec city?
On what day, month, and year did Filip Hašek, the footballer, make his professional debut?
What year was Jun Takahashi's first women's runway show?
On what day, month, and year was the album "Expectations" by Bebe Rexha certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America?
Specify the exact month and year Canon introduced its new nanoimprint lithography manufacturing systems.
What is the number of the executive order that created the Federal Theatre Project?
Who won the International Photography Awards' Discovery of the Year award in 2015?
What was the rank of Oussama Mellouli at the 2000 Olympics for the men's 400-metre individual medley?
What is the name of Swarat Chaudhuri's thesis that won the 2007 John C. Reynolds Doctoral Dissertation Award?
Who is the supervisor for the Severed Floor at Lumon in Season 1 of the show Severance?
What are the day, month, and year of birth of the linguist William Croft?
What was the turnout in the 1989 Argentine general election in percent?
In 2002, what zoo confirmed it had three female lynxes and was developing a plan for a captive breeding program?
What was the birth name of Sajood Sailani (a Kashmiri playwright, painter, theater artist, cartoonist, and poet)?
What school did Gustav Holst attend between 1886 and 1891?
What is the name of the performance that influenced "Rhythm 2" by Marina Abramović to include an unconscious aspect?
How many concurrent FM synthesis channels (voices) can the Yamaha YM2203 from the 1980s handle?
Within how many minutes of the initial earthquake was an aftershock of 6.6 Mw experienced during the April 2015 earthquake that happened in Nepal?
What is the forest cover area of Andhra Pradesh in square kilometers, according to the India State of Forest Report 2019?
At what place in Kashmir is the Habba Khatoon peak situated?
What were the names of Ghulam Nabi Azad's (an Indian politician) father and mother?
In what month and year was William Bentinck, Duke of Portland, appointed as Chancellor of Oxford University?
What was the name of the place where Valerie Thomas mentored students who were working in the summer programs?
In the game Bloodstained: Ritual of the Night, how much gold does the Lance item cost to buy?
What's the DOI of the paper 'Semantic maps of causation: New hybrid approaches based on corpora and grammar descriptions' (Levshina 2022)?
At which university did the 24th Chief Justice of India, Lalit Mohan Sharma, study B.A. Hons.?
Who was the first MVP woman player in the VNL tournament?
In which episode number, title, and season of Regular Show is Rigby killed by Skips?
From which Italian university did politician Alberto Beneduce earn his mathematics degree?
In which year, month, and day was the YouTuber DalasReview born?
Who was the first scientist to isolate cardiolipin?
How much money in euros was awarded to the first-time winner of the Hutter Prize in 2006?
What's the DOI of the paper "Articulatory constraints on stop insertion and elision in consonant clusters" by Daniel Recasens?
At what age did Natalia Dmitriyevna Shpiller pass away?
What day, month, and year did the head of the Turkish Red Crescent, who was accused of selling tents to earthquake survivors, resign?
In what year was Whig politician James Vernon the Younger appointed an extra clerk of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council?
How long, in minutes and seconds, is the song "Empty" by Bebe Rexha from the "Better Mistakes" album?
What Little League did Johnny Damon play baseball in as a child before junior high school?
What four-letter word is spelled in magnets on the roof of The Play Family School House that was advertised in the Sears Wish Book for the 1980 holiday season?
In which city in India is the flyover bridge named after Sam Manekshaw?
Which Minecraft snapshot code changed hoes to be the appropriate tool for breaking moss blocks?
What year was Jerry Lee Lewis's 13th album released on Mercury Records?
What team came second in Group C in the 2018–19 UEFA Champions League?
In which year did Iftikhar Hussain Ansari (a Kashmiri Shia cleric and a politician) join the Jammu and Kashmir National Conference (NC)?
In what month and year did Spencer Perceval leave office as the Attorney General for England and Wales?
On what day, month, and year was the case of Nidal Khalid Nasrallah v. William P. Barr decided in the Supreme Court of the United States?
Who was the first female surgeon known to use a magnet to extract a piece of metal from a patient's eye?
Who founded the municipality of Sonsón, Antioquia, Colombia?
How many hours of community service was W.V. Grant ordered to perform?
What year did Seiko release their first 300m diver watch?
How many faces did the Astrarium of Giovanni Dondi dell'Orologio have?
What is the name of the performance by Marina Abramović and Uwe Laysiepen that was re-enacted in 2010?
What was the name of the venue where the 1992 Scandinavian Masters golf tournament happened?
What is the other name for dodhe maaz, a Kashmiri milk-based curry cooked in spices and ghee over a low flame?
In what year did John Constable (English landscape painter) refuse the position of drawing master at Great Marlow Military College?
In which general elections (year) was Makhdum Khusro Bakhtyar (Pakistani politician) re-elected to the National Assembly as an independent candidate from Constituency NA-194 (Rahim Yar Khan-III)?
At what age did Madhusudan Dey (Modhu), founder of the Madhur Canteen, come to Dhaka, Bangladesh, with his father?
How many cards are in "The Time Traveler's Oracle" card deck, created by Denise Linn?
What line does Isshin the Sword Saint say after defeating Sekiro in the 2019 video game "Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice"?
How many papers did Jan Kalicki publish on logical matrices and equational logic from 1948 until his death five years later?
Who was Moesha's first friend at Bridgewood?
In which month and year did Arch Linux installation images start including installation scripts by default?
In what year did Russian mathematician Pavel Sergeevich Aleksandrov prove his first important result, namely that every non-denumerable Borel set contains a perfect subset?
In which year was the ensemble officially named the A.V. Alexandrov Twice Red-bannered and Red-starred Song and Dance Ensemble of the Soviet Army?
How many children did Welsh journalist Sir Trevor Maldwyn Evans have with his wife, Margaret?
What was Manny Ramirez's OBP during the '04 World Series?
Which two universities awarded John Harry Dunning an honorary doctorate in 2007?
How many people in the First Chamber of the Reichstag voted in favor of the Enabling Act of 1933?
How many siblings did Pauline LaFon Gore have?
What day, month, and year did Sara Watkins marry Todd Cooper?
In which year was Maria Elena Walsh named Illustrious Citizen of the City of Buenos Aires?
Which day, month, and year did Loris Fortuna, an Italian left-wing politician, die?
How many operators does the oscillator of the Yamaha SHS-10 (1987) have?
Who was the photographer for the cover of the March 29/April 5, 2021, issue of Time?
What man helped FitzGerald secure a pension for Oliver Heaviside in 1896?
What contestant from Season 16 of The Bachelorette is from South Dakota?
In which year was the Indian politician Munu Adhi appointed as the Speaker of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly?
What position did Kelly Clarkson's album, "Meaning of Life," receive on the 2018 year-end US Top Album Sales charts on Billboard?
For how many episodes did Toby Jones star in The English?
In which city and province was David Sweet born?
Who was the inaugural holder of the position of Attorney General of Guatemala?
What city did Ciara perform in during her Beauty Marks Tour on September 24, 2019?
How many yellow cards did Arsenal get in the Champions League Final match between Barcelona and Arsenal on May 18, 2006?
In what month and year was Charles Bentley elected as an Associate-Exhibitor of the Old Water-Colour Society?
In how many first-class matches did Douglas Bennett, the South African cricketer, play from 1912 to 1924?
What was the surname of the head of Mathematics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1948?
What was the prize money, in British pounds, awarded to the loser of the chess match featuring Wilhelm Steinitz and Adolf Anderssen in 1866?
In which U.S. state is the observatory where the asteroid 3430 Bradfield was discovered located?
Which mathematician received the Leelavati Award in 2018?
What is the name of the Spring-Summer 1984 collection by Vivienne Westwood?
Which two universities did Chadwell O'Connor attend?
What was the name of the first schoolhouse in Newbliss, Ontario, built around 1830?
What was the name of the winner of the 1993 Scandinavian Masters golf tournament?
What animal does Arya Stark form a psychic bond with while living in Braavos?
What year did John Mylopoulos (1943), professor at the University of Toronto, receive his AAAI Fellow award?
Who was the first entomologist to describe _Amata leucacma_?
Who designed the look for the Ukrainian Order for Courage Award?
Who did the musical composition for the play Antigone as presented in the 2022 Athens Epidaurus Festival?
In 2020, what percentage of people were of Malay descent according to Singapore's census?
What was the title of S1 E26, which Jackée Harry directed for Mr. Box Office?
In what year was Sir Syed Ahmed Khan appointed as the Munsif of Fatehpur Sikri?
What is the patronymic (nasab) of Ahmad al-Kabīr al-Rifāʽī?
In the last episode of the first season of Happy Valley, in what type of mechanized vehicle does Catherine find her grandson Ryan along with his father Tommy?
On what day, month, and year did the Palmolive Beauty Box Theater radio program stop being broadcast?
On what day, month, and year was the first opening of a comic museum named after Erika Fuchs in her hometown of Schwarzenbach an der Saale, Germany?
What day, month, and year did the episode of Disneyland, "Our Unsung Villains," premiere?
What date, month, and year was TCG Yavuz (F240) commissioned?
What is the name of the university where Michaela Hübschle (born as Michaela Kuntze), a Namibian politician and former Deputy Minister for Prisons and Correctional Services, first studied after attending school in her hometown?
After his retirement from which court was Justice Mohammad Afzal Cheema, former Deputy Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan, made full-time Chairman of the Council of Islamic Ideology?
Which geologist received the Roebling Medal in 1985?
In which year was Harry Belafonte first inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in the Early Influence category?
Which year was García Bernal cast in the lead role of Rodrigo de Souza in the series Mozart in the Jungle?
Who was the inaugural holder of the position of Minister of Justice and Attorney General of Canada?
What are the dimensions in centimeters of the painting "Moving House" by Vasnetsov?
Which patch reduced the cost of the Leather Whip from 15 gold to 10 gold in Terraria?
What day, month, and year was Franco Bassanini, the Italian lawyer, politician, and minister, born?
What was the name (first and last) of the fact-checker for They Might Be Giants' "Here Comes Science" album?
Who received the Richard Dawkins Award in 2007?
In One on One, Season 1, Episode 5, titled "My Life as a Dog," what celebrity made a guest appearance?
What was South African ballet dancer Maryon Lane's birth name?
How many people won the Arab Creativity Oscar before Mishary Alafasy?
The Partisan weapon in the original version of Bloodstained: Ritual of the Night for the PC is dropped by which enemy with the word "armor" in its name?
The Nokia 8110, released in 1996, was announced on what day, month, and year?
In which year was the first person awarded the "Pillar of Peace" Award?
Name the place in Lahore where an underpass (Habba Khatoon Underpass) has been named after Habba Khatoon (a Kashmiri poetess).
What is the half-life of radon-224 in hours?
Who killed Major Disaster?
Who did Manny Diaz Jr. lose to when he ran for the Miami-Dade County School Board in 2010?
Who was the lawyer who developed matrix algebra and also worked on higher-dimensional geometry?
What month, day, and year did the Wayback Machine begin fact-checking content?
What year did Benito Mussolini become a member of the National Directorate of the Italian Socialist Party?
In what year was Alma S. Woolley appointed director of the School of Nursing at Illinois Wesleyan University?
Who won the Eddington Medal in 1970?
What's the painting by Munch called with a tired girl lying on a bed painted in 1894?
What month and year did Nokia introduce the first digital satellite receiver with Common Interface (CI) support?
On what day, month, and year did Alexander Ratushnyak break the record by becoming second with PAQ8HP12, compressing enwik8 to 16,481,655 bytes and winning 1732 euros?
What learning disability did Tina Turner have?
In which year did the General Assembly of WIPO adopt the Geneva Declaration on the Future of the World Intellectual Property Organization, which argues that WIPO should focus more on the needs of developing countries and view IP as one of many tools for development—not as an end in itself?
In which Vermont town was politician Charles Jairus Adams born in 1917?
What is the Swedish word for the time of night known as "the eleven roar," when university students traditionally throw open their windows and scream their stress away?
What month, day, and year was the first round of the 2014 North Miami mayoral special election held?
What is the UNII of Axitinib, a small-molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitor developed by Pfizer?
When the electric street lamp contract in Paris, Ontario, with Orlande H. Duncombe and Alonzo N. Parney expired in 1887, what company agreed to light 25 lamps until 12 p.m. for 26 cents a lamp per night?
What was the original settlement name of the village of Addison, Michigan?
In which year was the municipality of Heliconia, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
What was the name of the band in which Robert Plant met John Bonham?
What was the actual number of voters who were against the constitutional referendum held in Ghana on April 27, 1960?
In which episode from Season 1 of Happy Valley does Tommy tell Ryan that he is his father?
Who founded the municipality of Oicatá, Boyacá, Colombia?
The Samsung Galaxy A22 4G comes with what GPU?
Who was awarded the International Prize in Statistics in the year 2019?
What is the first name of the individual who won the Tetrahedron Prize for Creativity in Organic Chemistry or Bioorganic and Medicinal Chemistry in 1996?
In what city and state did Colin Pittendrigh die?
Who was voted by Digital Spy readers in 2016 as the best TV character of the 21st century?
What was the first Nike running shoe?
What name was given to the boardroom at Staffordshire University Students' Union in honor of Dulcie September in October 2011?
In which year did Ghana's former Minister of Finance, Kwadwo Baah-Wiredu, obtain the GCE Ordinary Level Certificate?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Green Chemistry Award in 2016?
'The Waters Reglitterized' by Laurie Anderson was exhibited during what year?
What month and year did Sony release Beta Hi-Fi?
On which day, month, and year did Indu Malhotra retire as a judge of the Supreme Court of India?
In which surah of the Holy Quran are the palm trees and the olives mentioned in the 29th verse?
Who was Raúl Alfonsín's first Minister of Education?
How many mountaineers were killed in the avalanche in Uttarkashi on 4 October 2022?
On which day, month, and year did Otto Georg Thierack become the Reich Minister of Justice?
What day, month, and year did Jovian become a Roman emperor?
How many kilometers is Lolab Valley in Kupwara district from Bandipore via Aloosa village?
What was the first band Robbie Robertson joined that formed in '56?
What is the engine cc of the Honda Juno M85 (1962)?
Who won the Benjamin Franklin Medal for Computer and Cognitive Science in 2004?
Who was Raúl Alfonsín's first Minister of Public Works and Services?
How many children did actress Camille Clifford have with her second husband, Captain John Meredyth Jones-Evans?
At age 8, on what TV show did Sicily Sewell make her first appearance?
In the British series Happy Valley, in which season and episode does Catherine discover the dead body of Lynn Dewhurst, Tommy's mother?
On what day, month, and year was Richard Evelyn Byrd Jr. promoted to the rank of Lieutenant (Junior Grade)?
In what year did the Japanese mathematician Kiyosi Ito receive the Fujiwara Prize?
What day, month, and year did MKA first say, "Peace at home, peace in the world?"
What year did Shokichi Iyanaga become Dean of the Faculty of Science at Tokyo University?
Who did Natasha Merle start her legal career with as a law clerk in New York from 2008 to 2009?
On what date, month, and year was the Indian politician Prabhunath Singh born?
What is the full name of the first person to be awarded a Ph.D. in Mathematics from the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México?
What is the first name of the South African politician who served as Minister of Higher Education and Training and Minister of Home Affairs under President Jacob Zuma and was Deputy Minister in the Presidency for Women, Youth, and Persons with Disabilities?
In which month and year was the 64-bit version of Raspberry Pi OS released?
What was the year and month when The Atlantic reported that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) were conflating the results of two different types of coronavirus tests that diagnose current coronavirus infections and measure whether someone has ever had the virus?
On what radio show was a laugh track first used?
In a 1988 paper, which author defined Mammalia phylogenetically as the crown group of mammals—the clade consisting of the most recent common ancestor of living monotremes and therian mammals?
Who murdered the original Baron Blitzkrieg?
To whom was Ida Pulis Lathrop married?
In which city was Ioan Ghise, the former mayor of Brasov, Romania, born?
What day, month, and year did Russia annex Donetsk and Luhansk after invading and occupying the territory in 2022?
What day, month, and year was Giulio Carlo Argan born?
On how many ropanis of land was the Little Angels' School (LAS) campus constructed in Hattiban in 1995?
What was the name of the painting that Norman Rockwell dedicated to the American Heart Association's 1958 "Heart Fund" campaign?
In which year did Yasser Arafat (a Palestinian political leader) enroll in the University of King Fuad I?
What is the Thermal Design Power, in watts, of the Intel® Core™ i7-9700E Processor that has 8 total cores?
What is the number of years that Top Thrill Dragster held the record for the tallest and fastest roller coaster in the world?
Who was the first woman to be elected as the Speaker of the House of Representatives in Nepal?
What is the forest cover area of Uttarakhand in square kilometers according to the interpretation of IRS Resourcesat-2 LISS III satellite data from 2017-2018?
Which streamer won the "Best Philanthropic Streamer" award at The Streamer Awards in 2022?
Who was the first recipient of the D.B. Hardeman Prize?
What award did El Anatsui receive in 2008?
On what day, month, and year did Dev Shumsher Jung Bahadur Rana's tenure as Prime Minister of Nepal begin?
What year was L'Hypothèse de l'Atome Primitif by Georges Lemaître translated into English?
Which organization promised that all money donated by listeners inspired by the song "Healer" would be returned or donated to charity, and Guglielmucci's bank accounts would be audited to determine the amount of funds raised?
What were the date, month, and year ARA's operations in Russia were shut down?
In which month and year did WhatsApp start rolling out support for third-party animated stickers, initially in Iran, Brazil, and Indonesia?
What is the forest cover area of Rajasthan in square kilometers, according to the interpretation of IRS Resourcesat-2 LISS III satellite data from 2017?
On what day, month, and year was Harbhajan Singh Rissam (an Indian interventional cardiologist, philanthropist, and writer) appointed as a member of the Medical Council of India Board of Governors?
What year did Junya Watanabe stop being the design director for Tricot?
Who became the fastest person and first woman to pull a double crossing of the Auau Channel in Hawaii?
What was the population of the town of Hampton Falls as per the 2020 census?
Who was the first President of the Supreme Court of Bolivia?
On which day, month, and year was the first race of the Two Oceans Marathon in Cape Town?
Which scientist received the Penrose Medal after the year Hollis Dow Hedberg received his?
What was the title of the first recorded Cape slang (local Afrikaans dialect) hip-hop song in 1990 by Prophets of Da City?
Which lake of Kashmir is commonly called the Supreme Gem of all Kashmiri lakes?
What was the name of the first calculator Toshiba marketed?
Who was the President of the World Federation of Engineering Organizations in 2002?
On what day, month, and year was Takashi Masuzaki born?
Who was awarded the ICTP Ramanujan Prize in 2013?
What was the name of the observatory in which 1994 Shane was discovered in 1961?
In her 2017 election affidavit, how much did the politician Umlesh Yadav mention her assets and liabilities were worth in crores?
In which year, on repeated requests from the student community of Ladakh, did Sonam Wangchuk (an Indian engineer, innovator, and education reformist) help launch the New Ladakh Movement (NLM), a social campaign and Ladakh's version of the Green Party, to work for sustainable education, environment, and economy?
What is the age difference between Ghost's Papa Emeritus II and III in months?
What is the name of the song which is number 17 on the album YoungstaCpt - 3T?
In what year did Toufiq Hosen Khan, a student of fine arts, engrave a statue of Madhusudan Dey outside today's Madhur Canteen?
To whom was Grete Stern married?
On what day, month, and year was Patch 5.0.5a released in the United States for the game World of Warcraft?
For what magazine did artist J.C. Leyendecker win a magazine cover competition in 1896?
What is the name of track 21 on "The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky The Animation" Original Soundtrack CD?
In what year did Leo Strauss graduate from the Gymnasium Philippinum?
Which is the tenth highest mountain in height in India?
By 1913, how many stars could astronomer Annie Jump Cannon classify per hour?
On what day, month, and year was Ila Pant (an Indian politician) born?
What day, month, and year did Lisa Marie Presley die?
Who did Joe Gqabi become co-chairman of in the clandestine ANC organization in Johannesburg, known as the Main Machinery?
At what age was former president P.W. Botha elected head of the National Party Youth?
How many people were involved in making the largest human DNA helix, achieved by the Medical University of Varna (Bulgaria) in Varna, Bulgaria, on April 23, 2016?
Cornelia Parker curated the "Black and White Room" for which exhibition?
What were the year and month when the theme song of the anime Ponyo was released?
In feet, what is the max depth of Dal Lake located in Srinagar?
Who developed Japan’s first arc lamp?
What year were the Burlington Sock Puppets founded?
During the Essence Festival in 2013, what public announcement did SWV make?
What year was the municipality of Valparaíso, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
In what year did Henry Petty, 1st Earl of Shelburne, succeed his elder brother to the family estates?
Who is the credited producer for the Silent Hill 2 Original Soundtrack released in 2001?
Which lake is also known as the "Jewel in the Ring" in Kashmir, India?
In which year did Clive Derby-Lewis become town councilor for Bedfordview?
What is the complete name of the oldest Hindu temple in the Umerkot District?
In what city did the mathematician Iossif Ostrovskii pass away?
Which parochial school did Harry Belafonte attend?
Which university was Simon Donaldson affiliated with when he received the Fields Medal?
When was Gavi shown a yellow card in the La Liga match between Valencia CF and FC Barcelona that happened on October 29, 2022?
What was the name of the first principal of Tyndale Biscoe School in Srinagar, Kashmir?
What is the forest cover area of West Bengal in square kilometers according to the India State of Forest Report 2019?
What is Step Nineteen of the funeral process called in Shinto tradition?
On what day, month, and year did the YouTube channel Marques Brownlee reach 10 million subscribers?
In the 2020 case of Arthur J. Lomax v. Christina Ortiz-Marquez, in which state was Arthur Lomax a prison inmate at the time of the case?
How many years was the Game Boy produced?
What was the first and last name of the curator who was publicly criticized in 1906 by the director of the Albright Art Gallery in Buffalo for his cleaning of a Rubens painting?
What is a bridge called in the Kashmiri language?
What is the total area in acres of Bobbili Fort?
How many bronze medals did Sweden win at the 1956 Summer Olympics?
On what day, month, and year was the radio station of Westwood, Kentucky, assigned the WWQB call letters by the Federal Communications Commission for the first time?
Who won the Eddington Medal in 1962?
At which college of the University of Oxford did the Indian judge and former Chief Justice of Allahabad and Sikkim High Court, Ajoy Nath Ray, study for his B.A.?
What is the full form of MOCTCA in Nepal, and in which year was it established?
What is the first name and last name of the person who received the ADA Kelly West Award for Outstanding Achievement in Epidemiology in recognition of her significant contributions to the field of diabetes epidemiology in June 2018?
How many inductees did the American Classical Hall of Fame have in 2006?
In what month and year did Spencer Perceval leave office as the Chancellor of the Exchequer?
Which Victoria and Albert Museum director called it "an extremely capacious handbag"?
In what year was Ben Bogard ordained as a Baptist minister?
What are the name of the town and province in the Netherlands where Frans Gunningh Sloet died?
What was the name of the cannibal in the Whistleblower DLC of the 2013 video game "Outlast"?
What year did the International School of Athens get renamed from TASIS?
What outreach program did Steven Furtick create in 2012 to mentor 1,000 students in area schools?
Sir Isaac Julien's installation piece 'Lost Boundaries' is from which year?
Name the high school in Damoh, India, where Sayed Haider Raza LH (an Indian painter) completed his high school education.
Which scientist was the recipient of the John Tuzo Wilson Medal in 2011?
What day, month, and year was Eyþór Ingólfsson Melsteð born?
What is the name of the second album the singer Milet released?
What is the name of the town in England where Clifford Cunnel was born?
How many children did clarinetist Wally "Trog" Fawkes have?
At what Hamilton, ON company did athlete Velma Springstead (1906-1927) work as a secretary to the sales manager?
Which team was the first non-European team to enter the Battle of the Nations tournament?
In which year did Aaron Leo Brody, the American food scientist, marry for the first time?
Who is the web and administrative assistant for the UNESCO Science Report: The Race Against Time for Smarter Development (2021)?
What was the first and last name of the designer who sketched the dress that Marilyn Monroe wore when she sang "Happy Birthday" to President Kennedy?
From which album is the song "The River" by Nomeansno?
What year was the attraction Thunder Road added to Dollywood?
In what year was Fazal Ilahi Chaudhry, former Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan, elected from Gujrat as the president of the Muslim League?
In which year did Sheikh Abdul Rashid, popularly known as Engineer Rashid (a Kashmiri politician), obtain a Bachelor of Science degree?
Who became the first Indian to be appointed as Professor of Mathematics and Natural Philosophy at Elphinstone College in Bombay?
What were the day, month, and year when FC Baltika Kaliningrad was founded?
Where was singer Ivan Rebroff's father born?
What is the name of the shield that the Warrior starting class in Dark Souls II starts with?
What year was the municipality of Cáceres, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
Who played the character of Boyle in the Brooklyn Nine-Nine series?
According to the Warcraft wiki, approximately how many years before the Dark Portal did Sargeras convince most of the Eredar to join the Burning Legion?
What were the month and year when Telegram introduced animated emoji?
In 1927, what tour did Cab Calloway join with his older sister?
What day, month, and year was the Shining Force III original soundtrack released?
What year was the municipality of San Jerónimo, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
What was the original name of the village of Berrien Springs, Michigan?
On what day, month, and year was Ahmad Jamal, a first-class cricketer, born?
What is the name and surname of the person who spotted Lucas Valeriu Ntuba Radebe, the former South African professional footballer, to be recruited by Kaizer Chiefs in 1989?
Who was the Season 2 fan favorite on the American version of "The Circle"?
In which month and year did Rana Ayyub (an Indian journalist) receive the Sanskriti Award for Excellence in Journalism?
What words were on Tara Calico's shirt the day she disappeared?
How many prints of Samuel Buckle, the early English photographer, did Sir Albert buy in 1854?
Why did Alex Trebek drop out of military college in Quebec?
What was the seat height in millimeters of the Honda CLR?
What month, date, and year did Tyra Hamilton first appear in Genoa City?
In 1863, George Bentham renamed *Cyanothamnus ramosus* to what binomial name?
On what month, day, and year did Runaway Tram at Morey's Piers open?
Who is the founder of Lumon Industries in "Severance"?
Which state of India was awarded the international honor for afforestation efforts at COP-28?
In the show Severance, who is the eighth CEO of Lumon Industries?
In the Boyd family crest, the dexter hand erect in pale has how many fingers bowed inward?
At what event in 2004 did David Hanson present K-Bot?
In what year was the Krieger–Nelson Prize awarded to Penny Haxell?
Who opened the first gender clinic in Canada at the Grey Nuns Community Hospital in 1996?
On what date (month, day, year) was politician George John Sandys promoted to Lieutenant?
Is the color Pearl Gold a known color of the LEGO part with ID 35775?
What was the name of the journal that Gloria Niemeyer Francke was the associate editor of from 1944 to 1964?
What is the developmental code for Firazorexton, an orally active, brain-permeable orexin type 2 receptor agonist?
What was the crater on Mercury named after Kurt Vonnegut referred to in scientific literature prior to its naming?
What is the dry weight, in pounds, of the Honda RC143 (1960)?
What is the boiling point of the element cerium in Fahrenheit?
Who won the first football game between Emory and Henry College and Virginia Tech?
What year did the singer-songwriter Stella Jang become an Innisfree cosmetics model?
A Tasmanian species of which plant genus was named after philanthropist Elisabeth Murdoch?
To which academic society was computer scientist Sarita Vikram Adve elected in 2020?
In which month of 1992 was the Foton 8 spacecraft launched?
Who won the Mathematical Association of America David P. Robbins Prize in 2008?
What year did Reinhold Rudenberg retire?
What are the day, month, and year of release for the Spyro: Enter the Dragonfly Official Soundtrack?
In what city and country was the 2003 Badminton Asia Championships held?
Who won the Benjamin Franklin Medal for Computer and Cognitive Science in 2013?
How many acres did Oprah Winfrey purchase in 1992 for a compound in Telluride, Colorado?
On what day, month, and year was Nikolai Christian Grove Prebensen, who was the mayor of Vadsø Municipality from 1892 to 1894, born?
In Season 5 of "Big Brother" (American version), what day was Karen Ganci evicted?
What was Sir Syed Ahmed Khan serving as (position title) when the Indian Rebellion of 1857 broke out?
Specify the day, month, and year Baidu announced that it would partner with Qualcomm to offer free cloud storage to Android users with Snapdragon processors.
What is the name of the tallest mountain?
In which year did Hit Parader stop including song lyrics because licensing the rights was too expensive?
Which Norwegian municipality did engineer Sigurd Aalefjær's family move to upon leaving the U.S. shortly after he was born?
On what date, month, and year was the Jonas Mekas Visual Arts Center opened by avant-garde filmmaker Jonas Mekas with its premiere exhibition entitled "The Avant-Garde: From Futurism to Fluxus"?
What season and episode did Shai appear on the TV show "Family Matters"?
What year did Yohji Yamamoto's mother sell her dressmaking shop?
Who did the set and costume design for the Antigone production at the Epidaurus Festival 2022?
What was the maximum speed of the K-class blimp (1938), the K-14, in knots?
In what city did Marina Abramović meet Uwe Laysiepen in 1976?
Who did the choreography for the play "Helen" at the 2022 Athens Epidaurus Festival?
What is the exact number of first-class appearances that Neil Priestley, the former English cricketer, made for Northamptonshire against the touring Sri Lankans in 1981?
Who was the first openly bisexual state official in the USA?
Which school did García Bernal also attend to pursue a master's in media and communication?
In what year did Knud Nellemose create the marble church statue of Søren Kierkegaard?
What is the full name and surname of the Norwegian politician who served as the County Governor of Finnmark from 1889 to 1894?
What is the name of the ninth track on Anne-Marie's album "Speak Your Mind"?
What GPU does the Lumia 550 have?
What is the surname of the individual who was awarded the Francis P. Garvan–John M. Olin Medal in 1947?
Which bridge was built in 1957 across the River Jhelum to connect the Maulana Azad Road to the Civil Secretariat in Srinagar?
What are the names of Heisuke and Wakako Hironaka's children?
In what year did Charles Frederick Koelsch receive the American Chemical Society Award in Pure Chemistry?
What year did Louise Bourgeois create "J'y suis, j'y reste"?
What is the full name of the first elected mayor of Kathmandu in 1953, chosen by the council in an indirect election?
How many children did Robert Moog and his first wife, Shirley May Leigh, have?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Faraday Medal, awarded by the Electrochemistry Group of the Royal Society of Chemistry in 1987?
Who was the first person to build a Gregorian reflecting telescope?
Who was the first recipient of the Knuth Prize?
What day, month, and year did the actor Dylan Sprouse marry Barbara Palvin?
Which year was the first time Kiki Smith participated in the Whitney Biennial?
In what year was the praying mantis species Eremiaphila arabica described by Saussure?
Who was awarded the Oskar Kokoschka Prize in 2012?
In Good Omens Season 2's episode titled "The Clue," what did Crowley turn Job's goats into instead of killing them?
What were the day, month, and year when Dr. Walensky said the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) would make drastic changes in the wake of mistakes during the COVID-19 pandemic and outlined an overhaul of how the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention would analyze and share data and how they would communicate information to the general public?
Who is the municipality of Gómez Plata, Antioquia, Colombia, named after?
What is the NASA Space Science Data Coordinated Archive (NSSDCA) ID of the spacecraft EURECA-1?
Who played the role of Mrs. Janice Veazey, Dr. Hodges' secretary, in Young Sheldon?
How many half-siblings did Louis Moreau Gottschalk have?
What is the season number and episode number of the scene in Breaking Bad where Walt's son wishes him dead, when he stops at the local bar and pays a barmaid to call Walter White Jr.'s school pretending to be Marie?
What year was Nigerian artist Uzo Njoku born?
How much money in dollars was Cab Calloway making at the age of 23?
In which desktop patch was the Tiki Totem item in the video game Terraria introduced?
Until which day, month, and year was Jules Ferry in office as the Prime Minister of France for the second time?
What are the first names of the parents of Peter Kirstein, the British computer scientist born in 1933 who helped create the Internet?
On what day, month, and year was the amendment to the Federal Meat Inspection Act, Public Law Number 91-342, enacted during Richard Milhous Nixon's administration?
What is the basin size of the Koshi River in square kilometers?
What were the month and year when Barcelona was announced as the UNESCO-UIA World Capital of Architecture for the 2024–2026 term?
In what date, month, and year did Ronald Reagan nominate Jean Galloway Bissell, the U.S. circuit judge, to a new seat?
In what county and state was the man who invented both the Forstner bit and an electric motor born?
Who received the IEEE Frank Rosenblatt Award in 2013?
In which city was Audrey McLaughlin born?
What year was the Hellschreiber invented?
How many bottles and glasses are depicted in "The Day After," Munch's painting in number of each?
In what year was Chattahoochee State Park in Alabama destroyed by a hurricane, which caused its permanent closure shortly thereafter?
What is the rate of climb, in feet per minute, of the Agusta A.106 rotorcraft?
What day, month, and year was the municipality of Arboletes, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
What year was Albert-László Barabási awarded the FEBS Anniversary Prize for Systems Biology?
What is the first author's full name in the scientific article "The World Federation of ADHD International Consensus Statement: 208 Evidence-Based Conclusions About the Disorder," published in the 128th edition of Neuroscience and Biobehavioral Reviews in 2021?
On what date, month, and year was Babar Awan suspended by the PPP, leading to the eventual dismissal of Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto's murder case following a series of hearings at the Supreme Court?
What was the pseudonym of the Swiss painter Erich Wassmer?
Who was the recipient of the Simion Stoilow Prize in 2006?
Which school did Lucas Valeriu Ntuba Radebe, the former South African professional footballer, attend until he was 15 years old?
What year was the LEGO part with ID 33085 first released?
On what day, month, and year was the 435 Ella asteroid discovered?
Which year did the architect Mary Almy work on Garland Junior College?
Which two villages in Mauritius were separate villages until they became a single administrative unit in 1963?
How many CDs did the original Seiken Densetsu 3 soundtrack include?
During whose papacy did Gian Lorenzo Bernini create the "Ecstasy of Saint Teresa"?
What was the last name of the senator from New York who presented Reverend Billy Graham with the Gold Award of the George Washington Carver Memorial Institute in 1964?
Who directed the play "Agamemnon" at the 2022 Athens Epidaurus Festival?
During which years did Pedro Antonio de Aragón serve as Viceroy of Catalonia?
Who was named Pharmacist of the Year in 1978 by the California Pharmacists Association?
How many daughters did the Dutch-born American mathematician Albert Nijenhuis have with his wife, Marianne?
How many kilometers northwest of Broken Hill is the Day Dream Smelter in Australia located?
In which month and year did Botswana police investigate Simbi Phiri after he allegedly crossed the Tlokweng border post near Gaborone with over $886,000 (R11.8m) in cash?
Which is the largest tributary of the Indus River?
What is the ChemSpider ID of azithromycin, an antibiotic medicine?
What year was the municipality of Marinilla, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
Who was awarded The Oceanography Society's Walter Munk Medal in 2015?
What Spanish island is Richard Serra's dad from?
Which creative team (writer and artist) created the DC Comics character Gunfire?
In August 1974, the Cary High School band performed at which Switzerland event?
What is the name of the song Father Loutermilch sings in Outlast 2?
What day, month, and year did the DK Jamz: The Original Donkey Kong Country Soundtrack release in the United States?
Who was awarded the 1993 Ig Nobel Prize for Mathematics?
Who was the Minister of War as part of Brisson's 1st Ministry, 6 April 1885 – 7 January 1886?
How was Doctor Radhakrishnan addressed in the salutation of the letter sent by A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami, also known as A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada, on March 29, 1961?
What actor appears in the playbill of Norman Rockwell's illustration "Family Night Out"?
What month and year did Jim and Tammy Bakker start an East Coast version of Praise the Lord under TBN's umbrella?
Where was the first "All-India Ijtema of Jamaat-e-Islami" held?
During what year did Elisabeth Charlotte Rist start going by 'Pipilotti Rist'?
What was the name of the MP of Red Deer, Alberta, in 1987?
During which period did William Butts Ittner serve as the President of the St. Louis Chapter of the American Institute of Architects?
What's the secret identity of the fourth incarnation of the DC Comics character Firebrand?
Who received the Richard Dawkins Award in 2004?
Who was the most prominent figure of the 1986 People Power Revolution?
What former First Lady served as co-chair of the Met Gala from 1977 to 1978?
Which school did Musikari Nazi Kombo, a Kenyan politician who served as a nominated Member of Parliament, attend for his secondary school education?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Chemical Industry Medal, an annual American award given to an industrial chemist by the Society of Chemical Industry America, in 1946?
Who wrote the music for the Romanian anthem?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Melvin Mooney Distinguished Technology Award in 1999?
What was the first and last name of the President of South Korea who presented Justice Mohammad Afzal Cheema, former Deputy Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan, with South Korea's highest civil award?
In which year did Professor Julia Rucklidge earn a Bachelor of Science from McGill University in Montreal, Canada?
In which year was Pinky Kekana first elected to the Limpopo Provincial Legislature?
During what year did Julie Mehretu first marry Jessica Rankin?
What month and year was Corrado Gabriele, an Italian politician, born?
In which city of Jammu division is KK Birla Garden located?
On which day, month, and year did Karl Ludwig Graf von Ficquelmont become Minister-President of the Austrian Empire?
What is the cultural symbol of the Lugbara ethnic group of Uganda?
In what year was Scottish mathematician Walter Douglas Munn appointed Thomas Muir Professor of Mathematics?
What was Janice Burgess's alma mater?
What type of engine does the Japanese Type 89 torpedo, completed in 1984, use?
In what month and year was Anna Yuryevna Netrebko named "People's Artist of Russia"?
How many months did Joseph Melville Broughton serve as a United States Senator until he died?
In Shinto culture, what numbered step is "yukan" in the funeral process?
What was the name of the artist who painted the first Duchess and Lady Fitzharding playing cards, which hung in the green drawing room as of 1908, according to "Historic Houses and Their Gardens: Palaces, Castles, Country Places, and Gardens of the Old and New Worlds"?
What college did Sonny Wade attend in 1969?
On which day, month, and year was the Bazina du Gour added to the cultural category of the UNESCO World Heritage Tentative List?
What year was the municipality of San Mateo, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
What is the name of the voice actor who voices Alvina in the game Dark Souls?
Who won the Margaret Oakley Dayhoff Award in 2005?
As of December 2019, how many notebooks had Morris Villarroel filled with lifelogging?
In which year did Grete Stern become a citizen of Argentina?
In which year did Pantera play on the main stage of Ozzfest alongside Ozzy Osbourne and Black Sabbath?
What is the name of the village in the Chitradurga district of Karnataka where the serial rapist and serial killer Umesh Reddy was born?
In Season 3, Episode 7 of "Love Is Blind" (the American version), what week was "Impress the Parents" released?
In which Paris arrondissement was the apartment where Hermann Goldschmidt lived when he discovered 45 Eugenia located?
In what year was the praying mantis species Eremiaphila bovei described by Lefebvre?
In what city and state were the vocals of the main show and theme song for "BraviSEAmo!" recorded?
In what city and country did Gustave "Gus" Fitzhugh Touchard Jr. pass away?
What were the year and month the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved the first RSV vaccines?
What country won the silver medal in the men's team foil event at the 1964 Summer Olympics?
What battery does the G-Shock GG-B100-8A come with?
What year was the municipality of El Santuario, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
What is the forest cover area of Punjab in square kilometers according to the India State of Forest Report 2019?
What is the state highway road number of the Vellore - Ussoor Road under the Vellore division of Tamil Nadu, India?
Who was the commencement speaker at Harvard in 2018?
Between what dates was the Stanford University exhibition titled "Sam Richardson: Islands, Ice, and Sand" on view? Please give me the full dates (month, date, and year).
What year was Kara Walker's first solo exhibition?
What is the name of the recipient of the Dickson Prize in Medicine in 1996?
Who gave the slogan "Quit India"?
On what day, month, and year did Manny Pacquiao, a Filipino politician, businessman, former professional basketball player, and former professional boxer, marry Jinkee Jamora?
Which power project in Jammu and Kashmir is located on the Suru River?
What was the final score on February 6, 2022, in the rugby match between Georgia and Portugal that was part of the 2022 Rugby Europe Championship?
What was the name of the company that sponsored BraviSEAmo! at Tokyo DisneySea from 2004 to 2010?
In which Friends episode did Rachel find out the sex of her unborn child?
What was the title of the thesis of the Indian mathematician Amalendu Krishna?
What day, month, and year did Koloman Bedeković become Minister of Croatian Affairs of Hungary for the first time?
On what month, day, and year did Bernie Sanders sponsor the Cancer Registries Amendment Act?
How old was Hong Kong social activist Elsie Tu when she married her second husband?
Which high school did Carl Gordon (1931-2002), the Scottish journalist and columnist, attend?
In which episode and season of Regular Show did Mordecai and Rigby find RadiCola?
In which year and month was Dengvaxia approved in the United States?
What was the name that the Canadian senator and Speaker of the House, Arthur Charles Hardy, gave to the farm he purchased on Lyn Road?
During which years did Margaret Hamburg work as a clinical instructor for Georgetown University School of Medicine?
In what city and state is Elizabeth Magie Phillips buried?
What was the name of the last mayor of Toronto to be elected by the council in 1873?
Who was the first African American to receive the National Librarian of the Year Award by Library Journal?
What position did the album "Expectations" by Bebe Rexha place in the 2018 US Billboard 200 year-end chart?
In which year was the municipality of Rondón, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
What is the name of track 10 on disc 2 of the Sen no Kiseki IV - The End of Saga - original soundtrack?
What year was the municipality of Panqueba, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
What is the name of the Swedish scientist who received the Shaw Prize in 2022?
According to the 2021 rules for Battle of the Nations, how long does each round last for longsword duels?
Which Kashmiri politician earned the sobriquet "Khalid-e-Kashmir"?
What change did Patch 0.7 make to the spell Crusader Strike in the beta of World of Warcraft?
After relinquishing his office as Governor of the State Bank of Pakistan, which position was Aftab Ghulam Nabi Kazi appointed to in the Government of Pakistan?
What was the original name of Forthton, Ontario, located north of Brockville on Highway 29 at the intersection of Hwy 42, before Postmaster E. H. Whitmarsh changed the original name to Unionville in 1831?
What percentage of the electoral vote did Georges Marrane win in the 1958 French Presidential election?
On what day, month, and year was John II of France coronated as King of France?
As a child, at what temple did Sesshū Tōyō enter the Buddhist community?
What is the architectural style of the Odd Fellows Hall building in Eureka, California?
What year was the Briggs & Stratton Raptor III engine released?
In inning 4 of Game 1 of the '07 World Series, who hit a double that scored two runs?
What is the first iPad Air's main camera f-stop?
What opera did Walt Whitman and Peter Doyle travel to New York to see in May of 1870?
Who was the recipient of the Eckert–Mauchly Award in 2021?
At which college of the University of Cambridge did the 13th Chief Justice of India, S. M. Sikri, study law?
What were the month and year when the Indonesian Food and Drug Authority (FDA) approved Qdenga for use in individuals six years to 45 years of age and became the first authority in the world to approve Qdenga?
Who was Max Hastings's first wife?
What was the full three-word name of the crystal that the gnome who piloted the airship in the motion simulator Questor, which first opened at Busch Gardens Williamsburg in 1990, was seeking as the ultimate goal of his expedition?
Where did Johann Ignaz Ludwig Fischer die?
In what year did Haile Gebrselassie go undefeated in all of his road races?
What is the name of the city and state where Václav Hlavatý, a Czech-American mathematician, died?
On what day, month, and year was Rosa Bloch-Bollag, a Swiss politician and activist, born?
On which month and year, during a visit to Washington, D.C., did Golda Meir agree with Henry Kissinger's peace proposal based on "security versus sovereignty"?
To whom did Ragnar say, "When everyone wanted you dead, I kept you alive" in the Vikings episode "The Profit and the Loss"?
On what day, month, and year was Syed Bashir Ahmad (a Kashmiri politician) born?
What was the title of the first piece that Merce Cunningham composed using the graphic animation program LifeForms?
What is the peak in meters of the Cochiquito volcanic group?
How many years did Sarah Young serve as a missionary in Japan?
What is the name of the Welsh nurse who specializes in palliative care and was elected Fellow of the Learned Society of Wales in 2011?
Which character narrated the last episode of the "One Life to Live" series that aired on January 13, 2012?
How many wickets did Dwayne Bravo take in the 2015 IPL final?
What was the name of the cricket team Dr. Abu Baker Asvat played for?
What year did Church of the Highlands open "The Lodge at Grants Mill" on its main campus in Irondale, Alabama?
Which year did Sidney Abbott join the National Organization for Women?
On which day, month, and year was the domain "aajtak.in" registered?
Which channel live-broadcasted the 5th Streamy Awards on September 17, 2015, hosted by Grace Helbig and Tyler Oakley?
To whom was the Oskar Kokoschka Prize awarded in 2018?
What year did the disco named Infinity in NYC burn down?
What year did Chiharu Shiota introduce "Dialogue with Absence"?
How many minutes and seconds is the length of Sidhu Moose Wala's song "Bitch I'm Back"?
Who were the two people who first described Metformin in scientific literature in 1922?
What year did Jonathan Anderson, the current creative director of Loewe, put out his first-ever menswear collection?
On what day, month, and year did Kacey Musgraves first appear on the show "Hollywood Medium with Tyler Henry"?
What is the full name of the individual who was awarded the Spearman Medal in 1992?
How many biological children did Isadora Duncan have?
What is the name of the first dressmaking school in Japan?
According to Walter Sichel's book *Emma Lady Hamilton*, Dr. James Graham's specialties in 1780 were "the then derided but now accepted electricity," and what other specialty?
What four health organizations wrote to President John F. Kennedy calling for a National Commission on Smoking?
For which work was Richard F. Fenno Jr. awarded the D.B. Hardeman Prize?
What was the profession of Berlin's son in Money Heist?
What year was the municipality of Chivor, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
While Henri d'Angoulême served as the governor of Provence, who was his secretary?
What was the name of the Crayola color with hexadecimal #E58E73?
What is the name of King Goodwill Zwelithini's seventh child by his wife, Queen Mantfombi Dlamini?
On what day, month, and year did the man who came up with the idea of the iPhone, Jean-Marie Hullot, die?
The Miners' Union Hall in British Columbia was designed by an architect practicing in which American city?
What is the durability of the Blue Flame in Dark Souls II?
At the 2006 National Census, what was the population of Sonqorabad, Alborz, in 337 households?
What year was Kiyosi Ito appointed to the Cabinet Statistics Bureau?
What day, month, and year was Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra launched by the Prime Minister of India?
What surname of a mathematician is engraved on the Eiffel Tower at location NW06?
What was the Minute Man sculpture by Daniel Chester French originally intended to be made out of?
What day, month, and year was Knud Nellemose, the Danish sculptor, born?
In which university did Vujica Lazović defend his master's degree in 1994?
What was the release price in JPY of the 2019 "Kirby Star Allies: The Original Soundtrack"?
Within plus or minus one minute, when was Isco given a yellow card in the Champions League semi-final between Real Madrid and Bayern in 2014?
What are the day, month, and year of the first meeting in Azusa's building with Seymour and his group?
What is the first and last name of the person whom former President Thabo Mbeki appointed as South African Ambassador to the Netherlands in 2005?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Herman Skolnik Award in 1984?
What is the ChemSpider ID of Sitagliptin, an anti-diabetic medication used to treat Type 2 diabetes?
The Black Widow Pulsar (PSR B1957+20) is located within which constellation?
In which university did Zulfikar Ali Bhutto (Prime Minister of Pakistan) study law?
What was the name of the man who painted the ceiling of the Great Hall at Blenheim Palace, as mentioned in "Historic Houses and Their Gardens: Palaces, Castles, Country Places and Gardens of the Old and New Worlds"?
Who founded the municipality of Sora, Boyacá, Colombia?
What was the first and last name of the person who designed the historic Emil J. Oberhoffer House in Lakeville, Minnesota, United States?
What watch company made the world's first computerized diver's watch?
Under what name did FontSite release a digital version of Sabon?
On what date (day, month, year) did composer Sigrid Ingeborg Henriette Wienecke die?
On what day, month, and year (in A.D.) was the Rastriya Prajatantra Party, a constitutional monarchist and Hindu nationalist political party in Nepal, founded?
How many children did the Kenyan lawyer Johnson Evan Gicheru, who was once the Chief Justice of Kenya, have?
In the research paper titled "Detecting Driver Mental Fatigue Based on EEG Alpha Power Changes during Simulated Driving" by Faramarz Gharagozlou et al., what was the age range of the drivers who participated in the overnight study?
On what day, month, and year was asteroid 3137 Horky discovered?
As of August 2017, precisely how many stars were classified by the Henry Draper Catalogue?
Which day, month, and year was the second episode of Season 2 of What We Do in the Shadows originally aired?
What is the forest cover area of Uttar Pradesh in square kilometers according to the India State of Forest Report 2019?
On what day, month, and year was Manuleleua Paletasala Tovale appointed Associate Minister for the Prime Minister and Cabinet?
Who received the SIGMOD Edgar F. Codd Innovations Award in 1995?
On which day, month, and year was the first episode of the 12th season of "Say Yes to the Dress" aired?
In 1999, who presented Susan Lucci with an Emmy?
What city and country was the engraver George Cooke's father from?
How much (in USD) was Frida's self-portrait with loose hair sold for in an auction by Christie's, New York, in May of 1991?
What is the full name of the German chemist who won the Bourke Award in 1965?
In what month and year did Mohamed Zahafi achieve his personal best time in Lausanne?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Marlow Award in 1973?
How many performances did “Tristan and Isolde” receive at the Metropolitan Opera House in the 1889-1890 season?
Which former governor is tied with Jim Hunt for the sixth-longest gubernatorial tenure in post-Constitutional U.S. history at 5,838 days?
How many stitches did John Lennon get as a result of his Aston Martin crash?
Who gifted "Charing Cross Bridge" by Claude Monet to Churchill after WWII?
In what year was Gustav Mahler inducted into the Classical Music Hall of Fame?
In which year was Richard Day first elected as a Republican?
What were the first, middle, and last names of the second son of Amadeus Mozart?
In which year did Limpho Hani work at the Swedish Embassy in Maseru?
Who was the 11th Prime Minister of India?
What day, month, and year did Virginia Tech and Alabama first face each other in football?
What was the first name of the Uruguayan mathematician Mischa Cotlar's father?
On what day, month, and year did Qinhuangdao Beidaihe Airport, which serves the city of Qinhuangdao, Hebei Province, North China, first open after reconstruction and replacing the old Shanhaiguan Airport, which was shared with the military, as Qinhuangdao's main airport?
Who wrote the song "Let's Do It Again" performed by TLC?
What was the name of the last exhibition that took place at the Costume Institute under Richard Martin?
Who lent Salvador Dalí a villa for several months in 1938 so he could work?
What is Frida Kahlo's largest painting called in English?
In which TV series did Pedro Pascal play alongside his sister for the first time?
Which high school did former Assistant Secretary of Commerce and Labor Frank Bestow Wiborg attend?
In which city and country was a symposium on tyrosinosis held in biochemist Grace Medes's honor in 1965?
How many episodes did Paul Frees voice Ludwig Von Drake on Walt Disney's Wonderful World of Color?
What is the signature frequency of a healthy human body in MHz according to Heidi Yellen in 2003?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Sir George Stokes Award (colloquially the Stokes Medal) in 2001?
Who was the 2007 torch lighter for the Special Olympics World Summer Games in Shanghai, China?
Which team won the 2013–14 CEV Challenge Cup?
What was the ancient name of Orak Island?
In what year did Victoria Villarruel sign the Madrid Charter?
In which month and year did American Vice-President Al Gore and Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin announce plans for a new space station, which eventually became the International Space Station?
On what day, month, and year was the engineer Jacob Pieter Den Hartog born?
What day, month, and year was Aniello Formisano, an Italian politician and lawyer, born?
In what year did Patty Berg become the first woman to hit a hole-in-one during a USGA competition at the U.S. Women's Open?
In what year did the Soweto Gospel Choir perform for Oprah Winfrey for the first time?
What is the counter strength value for the Fume Sword in Dark Souls II?
What was the name of the former President of Costa Rica José Figueres Ferrer's second wife?
Who won the Benjamin Franklin Medal for Computer and Cognitive Science in 2002?
What is the title of the song after which Lady Annabel Goldsmith, the famous English socialite, was named?
How many tornadoes were confirmed in the U.S. during the tornado outbreak of June 5–6, 2010?
During what year did Catherine Opie receive the "Archives of American Art Medal" for the first time?
Which tributary of the Jhelum rises in the central Pir Panjal range?
In *River Monsters* Season 9, episode "Ice Cold Killer," approximately how old is the 250-pound, 7-foot-long "adolescent" Greenland shark that Jeremy Wade reels in?
How much money did Benny Hinn Ministries donate to the tsunami relief effort in 2007?
Who were the cellmates in Patna jail of Anant Maral Shastri who later became the Indian National Congress President by name?
Who played the computer technician named Rance in S7 E4 of "The Dukes of Hazzard"?
On what day, month, and year was the politician Yasir Abbas Naqvi born?
Ivan Lyakhov located the Lyakhovsky Islands by following the tracks of which animal?
Which architect built the Palace of Justice of the Argentine Nation?
How many countries border Nigeria?
In what year did Leo Tolstoy come to Ilya Repin's studio to introduce himself?
What year was the municipality of San Miguel de Sema, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
How long in meters was the glacial waterfall in the Arctic Circle that Aniol Serrasolses kayaked down for the first time as the biggest ever drop recorded?
In which episode and season of "The Jeffersons" is Charlie's secret revealed?
In what year was Sher Afgan Niazi, a Pakistani politician, diagnosed with liver cancer?
What two separate dates in 2018 did Ghana experience earthquakes of 3.3 magnitude on the Richter scale?
In which month and year did Naughty Dog's technology head, Christian Gyrling, depart the company after 17 years and was replaced by Travis McIntosh?
What month, day, and year did Oprah Winfrey leave a suicide note for Gayle King?
In what year was James Levine inducted into the Classical Music Hall of Fame?
What is the name of the astronomer who discovered 83 Beatrix?
Which English singer was a film and television critic for The Observer from 1965 to 1973?
What year was the municipality of Girardota, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
In what year did Aftab Ghulam Nabi Kazi's (12th Deputy Chairman of the Planning Commission of Pakistan) wife, Zakia Nabi Kazi, pass away?
As of 2022, by how many meters did Neeraj Chopra break his record at the Stockholm Diamond League?
Who was the first female DG of MI5, and the first DG whose name was publicized on appointment?
In which year did Thabo Cecil Makgoba first become the diocesan bishop of Grahamstown in Makhanda?
What year was Giulio Carlo Argan elected as a Foreign Honorary Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences?
What year was the municipality of San Carlos, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
Who was Menem's first minister of education and culture?
Who founded the municipality of La Capilla, Boyacá, Colombia?
What year was the municipality of Susacón, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
How many licenses to sell liquor did the council of Paris, Ontario, grant in 1850 when seven tavern keepers applied but were met with backlash from over 100 abolitionist villagers?
What year did Seiko release their first 1000m diver watch?
In what year did Lambda Istanbul become an official organization?
What were the day, month, and year of the release of Minecraft beta 1.4_01?
What fellowship was Zanele Muholi awarded in 2012?
In which year did Rubén Salazar start serving as Archbishop of Barranquilla?
How old was Norman Rockwell when he first attended the Chase Art School?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Applied Inorganic Chemistry Award in 2013?
What did the father of William Holwell Carr do for a living?
What is the fourth vampire number in recreational mathematics?
In 2001, in which exhibition did Julie Mehretu participate at the Walker Art Center?
In which year was the municipality of Abriaquí, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
What year was the municipality of Sopetrán, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
What key signature was "I Just Want to Be Where You Are" by Don Moen composed in?
In what year did Baleka Mbete become the Deputy President of South Africa post-apartheid?
Who was the mayor of Kathmandu who served from 1971 to 1976?
What is the durability of the Puzzling Stone Sword from Dark Souls II?
What were the month and year the first spaceport of South Korea, Naro Space Center, was completed at Goheung, South Jeolla Province?
How many gold medals did Kristin Otto win at the 1987 European Championships?
What day, month, and year did the Terraria version that increased the server player limit to 255 come out?
What year was John Monteath Robertson awarded the Gregori Aminoff Prize?
What is the name of the settler who selected the name of Aloha Township, Michigan?
In which year was it reported that some lichen and cyanobacteria survived and showed remarkable adaptation capacity for photosynthesis after 34 days in simulated Martian conditions in the Mars Simulation Laboratory (MSL) maintained by the German Aerospace Center (DLR)?
The book "Rhine" by Anselm Kiefer is from what year?
What was the first and last name of the voice actor who voiced the Little Sisters in the video game BioShock 2 (2010)?
What month and year was Miranda Lambert's album "Revolution" certified platinum by the RIAA?
Provide the day, month, and year Gazprom became the official Global Energy Partner of the UEFA Champions League 2012 winners, Chelsea.
What instrument did Kunihiko Kodaira's father bring back from his 1921-22 trip to Germany?
