Name a country that is a member of the Arab Fund for Economic and Social Development. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is part of the European Economic Area. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is located in the UTC+03:00 time zone. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country on the European Continent that uses the Euro currency and is a member of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that is a member of the United Nations and is located in the UTC+01:00 time zone. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that is a member of the United Nations and is located in the Central European Time zone. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that is located in the UTC+02:00 time zone. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please provide a country in Europe that uses the Euro currency and Europlug electrical plug type. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name a country whose official language is French. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that is a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of the International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country located in Europe that is a member of the Missile Technology Control Regime. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that is a member of the Treaty on Open Skies. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country where Spanish is used as a language. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of the Agency for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country located in Europe that uses the Euro as its currency. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name a country where Spanish is an official language. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name a country in Europe that is a member of the United Nations and is located in the UTC+02:00 time zone. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country where French is an official language. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that is located in the UTC+01:00 time zone. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of AFRISTAT. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that is a member of the International Energy Agency. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a European country that is a member of the European Space Agency. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that uses the Euro currency and is a member of Interpol. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of the Visa Waiver Program. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of the Alliance of Small Island States. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that shares a border with the European Union and is located in the UTC+02:00 time zone. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that has a basic form of government as a parliamentary republic. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that is located in the Central European Time zone. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that has Charles III as its head of state. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of the Treaty on Open Skies. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of the European Space Agency. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country located in Europe which uses the Euro currency and is a member of the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country where Modern Standard Arabic is used. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of the Arab Monetary Fund. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that is a member of the United Nations and shares a border with the European Union. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that uses the Euro as its currency and is a member of the International Finance Corporation. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of the European Union. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of the Missile Technology Control Regime. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a European country that is a member of the Movement Coordination Centre Europe. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that shares a border with the European Union and is located in the UTC+01:00 time zone. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that uses the Euro currency and is a member of the Universal Postal Union. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country whose official language is Arabic. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that uses the Euro as its currency and is a member of UNESCO. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country located in Europe that is a member of the Schengen Area. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that uses the Type E electrical plug type. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that is a member of NATO. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that uses the Euro as its currency. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name one country that is a member of the Caribbean Development Bank. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that uses the Euro and is a member of the Council of Europe. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a federal republic. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is located in the Central European Time zone. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country located in Europe that uses the Euro as its currency and is a member of the International Development Association. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that uses the Euro currency and is a member of Eurocontrol. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that has its lowest point in the Atlantic Ocean. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that is a member of the United Nations and uses the Schuko electrical plug type. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of the Organization of American States. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that is a member of the International Hydrographic Organization. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of the Schengen Area. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country located in or next to the Atlantic Ocean. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is located in the UTC-04:00 time zone. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that uses AC power plugs and sockets of the British and related types. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of the ASEAN Regional Forum. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country located on the continent of North America. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that shares a border with the European Union. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that has a unitary state as its basic form of government. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of NATO. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that uses the Euro currency and is a member of the World Health Organization. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that uses the Euro and is a member of the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country located in or next to the Mediterranean Sea. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of the Movement Coordination Centre Europe. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that uses the Euro and is a member of the World Trade Organization. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of the Arab League. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a chemical element that is part of the actinide series. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a chemical element that is a post-transition metal. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a chemical element that is a subclass of a nonmetal. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a chemical element that is part of period 7. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name a chemical element that is part of Period 6. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a chemical element that is classified as a metal. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a chemical element that is part of period 4. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a chemical element that belongs to period 5. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a chemical element that is classified as a transition metal. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a chemical element that is considered a trace metal. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a chemical element that is part of the Lanthanide group. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a swimmer who has received the Associated Press Athlete of the Year award. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a tennis player who has received the Associated Press Athlete of the Year award. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a person who is an athletics competitor and has received the Associated Press Athlete of the Year award. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name an American football player who has received the Associated Press Athlete of the Year award. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a golfer who has received the Associated Press Athlete of the Year award. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a person who has received the Associated Press Athlete of the Year award in the sport of tennis. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a person who has received the Associated Press Athlete of the Year award in the sport of American football. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a person who has received the Associated Press Athlete of the Year award and participated in the 1984 Summer Olympics. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a person who has received the Associated Press Athlete of the Year award and participated in the 1996 Summer Olympics. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name an African American who has received the Associated Press Athlete of the Year award. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a person who has received the Associated Press Athlete of the Year award and has also been nominated for the Best Female Tennis Player ESPY Award. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a person who has received the Associated Press Athlete of the Year award and has competed in tennis singles. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a female swimmer who has received the Associated Press Athlete of the Year award. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a female tennis player who has received the Associated Press Athlete of the Year award. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a female golfer who has received the Associated Press Athlete of the Year award. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a female tennis singles player who has received the Associated Press Athlete of the Year award. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a female tennis player from the United States of America who has received the Associated Press Athlete of the Year award. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a female golfer from the United States of America who has received the Associated Press Athlete of the Year award. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a type of musical instrument that is considered to be a subclass of idiophones. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a type of musical instrument that is a subclass of necked box lutes played with a bow. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a type of musical instrument that is considered a subclass of transposing instruments. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a type of musical instrument that is a subclass of true board zithers with resonator box. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a type of musical instrument that is a subclass of the western concert flute. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a type of musical instrument that is used by the Igbo people. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name a recipient of the Nobel Prize in Physics who is a member of the American Philosophical Society. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Who is a male theoretical physicist from the United States of America who has received the Nobel Prize in Physics? Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name a theoretical physicist who has received the Nobel Prize in Physics and is a male member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name one individual who received the Nobel Prize in Physics, was a citizen of the United States of America, and passed away due to natural causes. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name a theoretical physicist who has received the Nobel Prize in Physics, been nominated for the Nobel Prize in Physics, and is a member of the National Academy of Sciences. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a Nobel Prize in Physics recipient who is a member of the Indian National Science Academy. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name a theoretical physicist who received the Nobel Prize in Physics and is a member of the Royal Society. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name a Nobel Prize in Physics recipient from the United States of America who works in the field of physics and is a member of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name an astronomer who has received the Nobel Prize in Physics. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a recipient of the Nobel Prize in Physics who was a participant in the Manhattan Project. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name a recipient of the Nobel Prize in Physics who was affiliated with the University of California, Berkeley. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a recipient of the Nobel Prize in Physics who is a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a theoretical physicist who has received the Nobel Prize in Physics and speaks English. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name an individual who received the Nobel Prize in Physics and was educated at the University of Cambridge. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a recipient of the Nobel Prize in Physics who identifies with atheism. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a Nobel Prize in Physics recipient who was a member of the Royal Prussian Academy of Sciences. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name a theoretical physicist who has received the Nobel Prize in Physics and is a male member of the National Academy of Sciences. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a recipient of the Nobel Prize in Physics who received the award for work conducted in English. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name a nuclear physicist who has received the Nobel Prize in Physics. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name an astrophysicist who has received the Nobel Prize in Physics. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name a recipient of the Nobel Prize in Physics who is a member of the French Academy of Sciences. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a theoretical physicist who has been awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics and is male. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a recipient of the Nobel Prize in Physics who is a member of the Academia Europaea. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name one recipient of the Nobel Prize in Physics who is a citizen of the United Kingdom. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name one individual who received the Nobel Prize in Physics and was associated with Leiden University. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a recipient of the Nobel Prize in Physics who is a member of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a Nobel Prize in Physics recipient who is a citizen of Germany. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name a recipient of the Nobel Prize in Physics who is a member of the Lincean Academy. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name a Nobel Prize in Physics recipient who is a member of the Pontifical Academy of Sciences. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name a laureate of the Nobel Prize in Physics who speaks, writes, or signs French. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name a theoretical physicist who has received the Nobel Prize in Physics and is a member of the Royal Society. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a National Park of the United States that has a heritage designation as a World Heritage Site. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a National Park in the United States that has been designated as an International Dark Sky Park. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a National Park of the United States that meets the World Heritage selection criterion (viii). Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a National Park in the United States that is a member of the Man and the Biosphere Programme. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a National Park in the United States that meets the World Heritage selection criterion (viii). Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
